21
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
·························································································· 9
······················································································· 70
····················································································· 156
····················································································· 165
····················································································· 190
····················································································· 277
····················································································· 400
····················································································· 400

1)
The Significance of the Second 7-Year Course
<Summary of the Words> Jesus had a mission to fulfill all historical responsibilities. Therefore, Jesus had to become the representative of Jacob and Moses and be the historical fruit. To do this, he had to create a boundary with the twelve apostles on behalf of Adam's family and establish a new tribal organization centered on the tribes of Israel globally. This was the mission of Jesus who came to this earth. 
The mission of Jesus and the mission of the Teacher
However, because this was not accomplished, there was resentment towards God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, and there was resentment among many spirits and countless people on earth. Therefore, the returning Lord must resolve all this resentment. 
Jesus, who was disbelieved by three disciples, stood in the position of Adam who lost Cain, Abel, and Seth in Adam's family, that is, in the position of the fallen human ancestor Adam, which allowed Satan to invade at will. Therefore, he could not avoid being crucified. 
Then what should the Teacher do? He must indemnify these historical facts. He must embrace the historical circumstances and restore everything. This was said on August 13, 1968 (Tuesday), at the Daegu Church. 
* This speech was given in Daegu during a nationwide tour in the first summer evangelistic period of the Second 7-Year Course, and it is published in the 15th issue (August 1968) and the 16th issue (September and October 1968) of <Gisu>. The title was added by the editor.

The significance of the Second 7-Year Course
When viewed from the position of Korea, which is in a heavenly position, Korea is in the position of Israel. Furthermore, Korean Christianity is in the same position as ancient Judaism, and America is in the position of Rome. 
If Israel had centered on Judaism and become one with Jesus, Rome would have been conquered before Jesus in a short time, and the world restoration could have been easily achieved. However, because this was not accomplished and he died on the cross, God's providence has been extended until now. 
Now, when looking at Korea today, if Korea, Christianity, and the Teacher had become one, there would be no problem in becoming one with America. If we can become one with America, we can subdue the Soviet Communist Party. 
Two thousand years ago, because Jesus, Judaism, and Israel could not become one, Jesus was driven out to the Gentiles and, even after escaping death and returning, he ultimately had to die. Therefore, Korea must indemnify and restore this, but it could not. That is why the Teacher and Korea had to separate. Therefore, it was unavoidable to return to the starting point and fight. 
The Teacher crossed over from the North and established the Unification Church instead of Christianity. If Korea and the Unification Church become one, it will be in the position of restoring what Jesus was pushed into by Judaism. The Teacher took 21 years to lay the foundation for this restoration. 
In other words, it has established the position of Jacob returning from Haran, subduing his brother Esau, and starting a new providence after 21 years. The 7-Year Course was extended to take 21 years. 
Now is the time when churches and nations, and worlds are confronting each other. However, the two worlds of democracy and communism are beginning to break. 
The reason for establishing Parents' Day, Children's Day, All Things Day, and God's Day
Because Adam and Eve fell, they could not become the true ancestors of humanity, and thus true children could not be born. Without true children, this world became the world of Satan. Therefore, this must be restored. That is why we established Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day in the First 7-Year Course. 
The reason is that Adam and Eve fell at the completion stage of their growth and could not become true parents, losing their children, all things, and even God, so this must be restored. Thus, the period of laying the foundation for restoring what was lost is the 1960s. Also, having become evil ancestors, good ancestors must emerge again. This standard was established in the 1960s. 
Now is the time when Adam and Eve are approaching God as children. That is, Adam and Eve, who are going through the growth process of rebirth, growth, and completion, are now establishing a relationship with God as true children who have not fallen. Therefore, this era is the era of children. Then what is the era of parents? The era of parents is the era of completion. 
Since the 7-Year Course started in 1960, we must enter the completion stage of the completion level. Since we must go through the number 7 in the first stage, it becomes 21, that is, 21 years up to the third stage. 
That is why the First 7-Year Course has completed the period of rebirth. Thus, we can go through the growth stage and head towards the completion stage. 
Jacob completed the internal foundation to move towards a new nation after 21 years. 
After proclaiming Parents' Day in 1960, we completely subdued Satan during the 7-year period. This is because we must return to the position of Adam and Eve before the fall. 
Fallen parents are parents who were fallen by Satan, so they can be invaded by Satan. Therefore, they lost all of Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day. That is why we have restored Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day. In this position, we established Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day centered around parents, going through the 7-year process. 
By going through this, we have restored the children lost in the world of Satan, restored families, restored tribes, and established conditions for the indemnity restoration of nations. This is the standard that Jesus should have found centered on Judaism and Israel. 
In the First 7-Year Course, we established Parents' Day, Children's Day, and All Things Day, and finally, on January 1, 1968, we could establish God's Day. 
By finding all the conditions lost due to the fall of parents, we are now at the time to establish the individual, family, tribal, and national foundations for a national start. Therefore, being on this standard means that Adam and Eve have returned to the stage where they can be blessed. 
God wants to indemnify centered on nations and states. However, since the world of Satan has already formed nations, Jesus was sent to break them down. 
Since we have broken the conditions under which Satan could accuse us in the 7-Year Course, we have now been placed in a position where Satan cannot move. Now that everything that needs to be indemnified has been indemnified, it is the time when Satan and we can become brothers. No one can disregard us carelessly. It took 21 years to prepare this foundation. 
The position of the Unification Church
The standard we have restored until now is the basis on which Adam and Eve could start as true ancestors of humanity without falling in the Garden of Eden. Now is the time to prepare the forms of lost children, tribes, and nations. In that sense, we have laid down the conditions for indemnity centered on the nation. Now those conditions have been established. Therefore, until now, Cain has always been in a position to strike Abel, but from now on, we will enter a time of restoration where we can be welcomed. Of course, in the past, the Teacher has also been beaten a lot, but now everything has been regained. 
So what position is this era in? Originally, if humans had not fallen, they would have been in a position where God, Adam, and the archangel were one centered on God. However, due to the fall, they could not stand in that unified position. Therefore, we must establish a standard like that of Adam and Eve on earth to find the lost earth and spirit world. The spirit world, which has many spirits that have come and gone until now, is equivalent to the angelic world of the time of Adam. 
So what position does the Unification Church hold before God today? It is in the position of the descendants of Adam. Since we have passed the national and tribal indemnity hurdles centered on this lineage, we are now in an equal position. It is no longer the time when Cain struck Abel, but it has become a time when Esau welcomes Jacob. The time has come for the world to intersect in this connection. Since the earth has reached this time, the spirit world can cooperate with the earth. The spirit world, which is equivalent to the angelic world, has not been able to cooperate with the earth until now. This is because the fallen angels, that is, Satan, have been paired with humans. 
Now, centered on God, we have completed the original standard of completion, that is, the standard of original parents and children. Since Satan also knows the way of restoration, it is now time for him to retreat. Therefore, the spirit world, which has replaced the angelic world, must expel Satan from the position he occupied. 
Today, our Unification Church is in the position of Adam and Eve before the fall. Therefore, the angelic world must serve us. In other words, if Adam and Eve are to suffer, the angels must protect them. 
Today, the Unification Church is in the position of Adam and Eve before the fall, so the spirit world, equivalent to the angelic world, must serve the Unification Church and obey absolutely. Now that the path has opened for Satan to be subdued and defeated, when Satan appears on the precious path we are taking, the spirit world, which is the angelic world, can be mobilized to strike Satan. Such battles are currently taking place in the spirit world. Spirits are fighting for the Unification Church. In other words, the time has come for spirits to take responsibility for Satan. Thus, they must fulfill the mission of unfallen angels in the spirit world. 
That is why we designated January 1, 1968, as God's Day and set the slogan for 1968 as "Let us make a full-scale advance." 
Indemnifying 6,000 years of history through the 7-Year Course
Now that we have established authority as parents, authority as children, and authority as all things, and authority as God, we must stop Satan's offensive. Until now, we have been driven by Satan, but now is the time when we can take the offensive in reverse. That is why we can set the slogan "Let us make a full-scale advance." 
This July is the month that surpasses the number 7. Just as Adam and Eve had to go through the process of the number 7, this month is the month that surpasses the number 7. 
When viewed centered on God, Adam and Eve are in the position of children, and God is in the position of a father. When viewed centered on the Teacher, the Teacher is in the position of parents, and everyone else is in the position of children. 
The seven months from January to July correspond to the period of restoring the fortune of 7,000 years in the 7-Year Course. Once we surpass this period, a new era will unfold. Therefore, spending the 40-day summer evangelistic period during this time has a heavenly significance. 
Up to the completion stage of the growth level, Adam and Eve are walking the path as children. They must rise to the completion level to become parents. 
Then what position are you in now? Your current position is like the position where Jesus was trying to make a new start centered on Judaism and the Israelite nation. Also, this position is like the position where Judaism should support Jesus, and the tribe and nation must unite to start. This position is like the form of restoring the fallen Adam's family by fulfilling the mission of children. You must go through 7 years from here. At the starting point, it is the standard of children, but by going through this process, you will become parents. 
Originally, centered on children, you must go through this process in unity with Korea, Christianity, and the Teacher's family. It must be as Jesus intended centered on Judaism and the Israelite nation. If you do this for just 7 years, it would be easy, but because unity could not be achieved, it took 21 years. 
The Teacher's inability to establish a direct relationship with Korean Christianity is a resentment. Because he could not directly establish a connection with the 6,000 years of historical providence, the Teacher walked for 21 years centered on other lineages, leaving a resentment of not being able to connect with the direct lineage. 
During the 7-Year Course, we have laid the foundation for individual restoration, tribal restoration, and national restoration, but the foundation of the 6,000 years of providence still remains. This must be indemnified, but who will do this? Today, the Unification Church is moving forward from a position that corresponds to the children’s generation, which is one step below the Teacher. Therefore, now you must walk the 7-Year Course and indemnify and restore the 6,000 years of history. The Second 7-Year Course is whose time? It is your time, the Unificationists. 
The resentment of Jesus is that the tribe and the Jewish denomination and the Israelite nation could not become one. Even until he was crucified, Jesus could not connect that standard. Therefore, God's achievements until now have been inherited by the person who has worked the hardest. 
When looking at denominations, our church is Abel, and the established churches are Cain. However, to completely restore the parents, we cannot restore with just Abel. Cain and Abel must unite to serve the parents for the parents to be restored. In that sense, the Unification Church, which is an Abel-like denomination, and the established churches must unite. The time has come when we can cooperate with each other to completely subdue Satan. Therefore, we are conducting an interdenominational movement to establish the condition of Cain and Abel becoming one. You must understand this content to know how indemnity restoration takes place. 
Even when looking at nations, democracy and communism correspond to Abel and Cain. This must also be achieved through the victory alliance. 
Therefore, the Teacher has established the conditions for indemnity for world restoration. Since the Teacher has come to this earth and established such conditions and has risen to the position of parents, he cannot go down again. Now it is the turn of the children. Therefore, the children must resolve the Teacher's resentment. 
Then what position are you in now? You are in the position of having taken over the nation of Israel that God prepared for 4,000 years, the position of having inherited the Jewish denomination that Jesus was trying to entrust, and the position of having taken all the conditions given to Joseph's family. Not only that, but the blessed families are in the position of having received the place of the bride and groom that Jesus was seeking while being chased and oppressed. 
Because you are in such an incredible position, you are being persecuted both inside and outside. 
We are in a position that transcends the place of the Lamb's Feast that the deceased Jesus must achieve after 2,000 years of effort. Being in such a position means that we are not in a position of having lost the church, nation, and tribe, but rather in a position where we can find them. Therefore, at this time, we are told to become the national messiahs for the blessed families. 
Being blessed means that the messiah has laid the foundation on earth through 2,000 years of effort, and it is now time to start in the name of the bride and groom centered on the chosen nation, denomination, and tribe. You can become the tribal messiahs.
Is it? Because the connection between the teacher and the father-son relationship has been established, even Satan cannot move. Blessings are truly immense. 

However, this does not mean that you are better than Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Since we are resolving the grief of the restoration of the tribe, Jesus should also be grateful. 

So what should we do at this time? Of course, we should follow the path that the teacher walked, and we must indemnify the path that Jesus took. And we must not forget to find the eight members of Noah's family. 

Even if we evangelized during the first seven-year course, it means that we evangelized in support of the teacher's course. Therefore, the children of faith that you evangelized become the teacher's children. Thus, you do not have to take responsibility for them. However, from now on, those who evangelize will become the center of the father-son relationship, so if you leave the children you connected during the 40-day summer evangelism period in the second seven-year course, it will be a big problem. 

If you do not guide and raise the children of faith you evangelized well during the second seven-year course, later, even if they accuse you, you will not be able to move. This is especially true for blessed families. This is because it is the same as abandoning children born within one's own tribal realm and making them orphans. If these orphans grab their parents by the collar and demand responsibility, there will be no way to respond. 

Therefore, during this evangelism period, those who evangelized must nurture and raise them. Whether through letters or material connections, you must ensure that they can treat you like parents. If you fail to do so, the problem will become difficult. It will be like the countless humans who have been unable to move even after accusing Adam and Eve for 6,000 years. Therefore, by fulfilling each of your responsibilities, the teacher's grief will be resolved. 

Now our time is coming. Even if they try to persecute and eliminate us, they cannot. We must confidently advance with the rightful heavenly authority. Those who are not blessed must find and establish the three children of faith to form families, and blessed families must stand in a position like Noah's eight members centered around the teacher's family. 

In going through the world restoration course, God's family must expand tribally centered on the three families of the teacher's children of faith. 

We must find and establish the 12 sons of Jacob and the 70 families, as well as the 12 elders of Moses' 12 tribes. The teacher established these conditions starting from the 1960s. Therefore, in order for you to stand in the position of tribal messiah, you must establish these conditions. 

Blessed families must establish the son-in-law expectation centered on the teacher's family. In this way, the family that is established is the family that Adam was originally supposed to establish. If this does not happen, one cannot start with the will of Jesus as a tribal messiah. A family that has established the son-in-law expectation centered on God will form 12 families when it radiates outward. 

When viewed centered on Jesus, the three disciples must receive blessings and establish the son-in-law expectation. Then it becomes eight members, which will replace Adam or Noah's eight members. However, Jesus could not fulfill his will. Without receiving blessings, one cannot become a child of heaven. 

When the teacher's family and your triune family become one centered on God, all conditions for Satan's accusations will be cut off, and from the position of tribal messiah, we can advance toward the world. Thus, the son-in-law expectation must be established, and the eight members must become one. 

The reason Jesus urged the three disciples not to fall asleep three times in the Garden of Gethsemane was to walk the path of a shared destiny as sons. However, they did not understand Jesus' deep intention and were just sleeping. Therefore, Jesus found himself in the same position as having lost family members in the Adam family. Consequently, he could not restore the substantial Cain and Abel, nor could he become the Messiah who could restore the substance. Here, Jesus could not avoid death, and God could not help but establish Jesus again from a spiritual standpoint and start anew. 

To align with God's purpose and direction, if the three disciples had completely united with Jesus and had three children of faith, then there would be 12 disciples united with Jesus. These disciples are representatives to indemnify historical sins. 

We must restore the three sons in the position of Cain. Who is in the position of Cain? It is the archangel. Because the archangel fell during the time of Adam, the result was the loss of three angels. This must be restored through three generations. 

The three disciples of Jesus must serve with a heart of obedience and submission from the time Jesus' direct children were in the womb, just as the three angels cooperated when God created Adam. If they do not do this, they cannot establish that standard. Once that standard is established, the three angels will be liberated in the spirit world. Therefore, the three children of faith are absolutely necessary. When that happens, the 12 disciples become one before Jesus. 

When we look at God's work, Peter is the restorative form of fallen Adam, James is the form of Jesus, and John the Apostle is the form of the returning Lord. In the age of the returning Lord, he must govern the earth centered on love, so John the Apostle is the apostle of love. Therefore, the apostle John, who symbolizes the returning Lord, must not die. Thus, while the other disciples died on the cross, John the Apostle did not die on the cross. Peter, being in the form of Adam, was crucified upside down and died. 

Blessed families are in the position of having established the son-in-law expectation centered on the teacher's family, but this alone cannot organize the tribes. Only by filling the 12 numbers can we finally enter a new stage of tribal restoration. Therefore, blessed families must find and establish the children of faith to create the 12 tribes. Failing to do this was the grief of Jesus. However, by fulfilling this, we can start as a new tribal messiah. 

Then, what should be the emotional standard of the children of faith? It must be a standard that can replace parents even in the position of death, in contrast to the disciples who betrayed Jesus on the cross. If that happens, these children of faith will stand in the position representing the historical form of Cain. However, if they cannot absolutely serve Abel from the position representing Cain, the conditions of grief and the conditions for Satan's accusations will remain. Therefore, the children of faith must be in a position to serve Abel with obedience and submission from the time the direct children of their parents are in the womb. Only then can they indemnify the conditions that even the angels could not fulfill. 

If they fail to do this, the conditions for Satan's accusations will remain. 

The teacher and you have been working hard together since 1960 to lay this foundation, eating barley rice and enduring hardships. Therefore, the teacher set the slogan for the first year of the seven-year course to be "Make this the year with the greatest achievements in life." Thus, in that long-awaited year in history, we finally found families, and the slogan for the following year was set to "Become the representative of God." 

This meant to take on the mission in place of the father centered on the children. When we have a position that can show and boast about this foundation, family victory becomes easy. Thus, the latter four years were set to be a time to become victorious subjects. We just need to connect this. 

We cannot fathom how great a blessing it is to participate in this seven-year course. One thing to know is that your ancestors have had no merit in the providence of restoration until now. When have the families blessed through the teacher ever cooperated to bear fruit like Abraham, Noah, or Moses? It is because the teacher blessed you that you have borne fruit. 

The fact that you have borne fruit is similar to how the Messiah Jesus appeared as the fruit of 4,000 years of history. Moreover, since you are the culmination of 6,000 years of history, it would be a great problem if you cannot conclude all connections and conditions. 

Because you are blessed, your ancestors can also start within the benefits of victory. Thus, the time will come when your ancestors can freely return to the earth and cooperate. Now is the time when you can liberate your ancestors from the 70th generation or even over 200 generations. You must understand that without such connections, the end times cannot appear. Now we have entered the era of the providence of restoration. 

The second seven-year course is the time when the teacher's seven-year course is completely finished and the foundation is laid, and for you, it is the time when all victories and defeats are determined. 

The teacher is the first generation, and you are the second generation. You, as the second generation, must completely occupy the fortune of Korea during this seven-year course. You must know this and walk the seven-year course. The path you must take is not even one-hundredth of the path the teacher walked. You do not face the same persecution or opposition that the teacher faced. 

What you should be even more grateful for is that the teacher has not yet conveyed the words to his physical parents and siblings, but now that the foundation for tribal restoration has been prepared, you can weep and convey the words centered on your own tribe. In the past, the firstborn restoration was done by establishing the second born, but that era ends with the teacher. However, since you are in a position that has the authority of the firstborn restoration, older brothers must bring their younger siblings out, even if they have to hit them. Based on that foundation, even if you organize your tribe, Satan cannot accuse you. 

People must have a purpose, and there must be a clear direction toward that purpose. Thus, through that direction, they must solve their life problems. 

Now, God's purpose and direction is for you to organize the 12 tribes. Just as Jesus came to this earth to organize the 12 tribes and attempt a global start, it is the same for us today. The organization of the 12 tribes, which is God's purpose and direction, must become the center of our lives in reality. Only those who can achieve this can align with God's purpose and direction and live in the kingdom of heaven. This is the core of the providence of restoration. 

What should we do in the second seven-year course? We must become true sons and daughters of God by carrying out the tasks pointed out earlier, just like Jesus. 

Let us tighten our belts once again and run vigorously to make these irreplaceable days in a precious era that cannot return! 

**The Significance of the Second Seven-Year Course and the Responsibility of Children**
<Summary of the Words> The second seven-year course is the course that the members must take. The question was how to lead them according to the original intention of the early days. The significance of the recent regional leader changes lies here. 

The results of the teacher's nationwide tour this time were generally reassuring. If we consider a person's life to be 70 years, and subtract the nights, there are only 35 years left. Furthermore, if we exclude the time spent on basic necessities, the actual time spent living is very little. How many people live each day feeling true happiness for even an average of 30 minutes that the universe would envy? 

We are in a position where we cannot even have 10 minutes of comfort or joy in a day. The struggle of the heart and body has sown seeds that have borne fruit today in the democratic world (the world of the heart) and the communist world (the physical world). 

No matter how insignificant a creature may be, there is God's sincerity in it. It was not created haphazardly. The purpose of creating it was to rejoice and to live together. 

God's greatest masterpiece is humanity. This is undeniable even when observing the intricate structure of the human body. 

Humans are not poorly created; they are ultimately flawed. Humans are unfinished products. That is why they desire to be complete. 

If humans were complete, how would God have treated them? He would have placed them in the highest position and loved them. That position is where the father-son relationship is established. To become God's sons and daughters, one must completely occupy God's love to find complete peace. In the world, one loves as the subject, but to occupy God's love, one must become the motivation for others to become the subject. 

Public - eternal, centered on the whole 
Private - temporary, centered on the self 
Let us not become those who give and seek a return. Pray that what you seek may be granted even after tens of thousands of years. The ideals of such people continue for tens of thousands of years. If you do not shed tears thinking of the teacher, it is fake. Do not remember the help you give to others. 

You must silently dedicate your life for your parents. You must do the same for your siblings. 

The teacher has walked this path for decades but has not yet grown weary. There is no time to be tired. When I was in Chuncheon, Yoon Cheongjeong sent a telegram saying that the world of resentment has passed and the world of glory has returned. 

Giving is about giving your own. I must become the greatest low-pressure zone. 

Because God is eternal, humans, as His children, must also be eternal. To be good and eternal, one must become an unchanging person. 

Conscience does not tire; it becomes more sensitive. 

Those who watch fights are evil, and those who try to stop fights are good. God also created religion to stop human fights. After stopping the fights, regeneration must occur. That regeneration factory is religion. Everyone must go through the regeneration factory. The better and more capable a person is, the more they need religion. 

Hell is a warehouse for broken souls. Even if you die, you must not go to hell. To avoid death, you must enter the regeneration factory. Jesus is the technical manager of the regeneration factory. 

Heaven is the warehouse for completed products. 

Religion teaches about God. Religion comes from God. Therefore, religion must have the power to govern human life and death. 

The world is filled with parts factories. Now there must be a factory that integrates them. That is the Unification Church. Its owner is the returning Lord. 

And religion must heal diseases. 

All diseases must be healed. 

If both sides are similar in strength, they will fight. If the difference in strength is large, there will be no fight. 

They are sincere. A sincere parent knows the misfortunes of a child who is away. If one is sincere, they will communicate. Practice asceticism. 

You must cut down the 6,000-year-old wild olive tree and graft in the seedling of the true olive tree. In other words, you must cut off the trunk of the old tree and graft in a new seedling. 

Adam is the masculine God in substance, and Eve is the feminine God in substance. 

Evil beings cannot eternally dominate good. 

Jesus, being the latter Adam, was supposed to meet the latter Eve and hold a holy wedding, but because he could not, he drove another nail into God's heart. 

The returning Lord is the third Adam. The returning Lord must resolve the grievances from two occasions. 

The Unification Church aims to resolve and achieve all grievances created by the failures of Adam and Jesus. 

The reason Jesus could not fulfill his will lies in the first responsibility of the Joseph family and the second responsibility of John the Baptist. 

Christianity was not established through the principle of the cross but through the principle of resurrection. 

Humans come into the world with the ability to see light and perceive all things even before they are born. There must be a cause that gives purpose to the eyes. 

If you receive a gift incorrectly, you will be caught by heavenly law. 

The year 1960 corresponds to the completion stage of growth. The completion period is seven years.
In 1960, three children were established at the completion level of the Changseong period. These three children symbolize Peter, John, and James. By finding the Adam family, the restoration of the spirit and physical world married in the world of Satan becomes possible. The 36 families represent the restoration type of the ancestors of humanity. The 72 families represent the restoration of Cain and Abel (restoration of children). The 124 families represent the nations of the world. (Among them, four established families are included.) Based on that foundation, the selection of holy sites was made, which amounts to 120 holy sites in 40 countries worldwide. By proclaiming God's Day on January 1, 1968, the position of unfallen parents was restored. As a result, Satan was completely removed, and humanity was fully restored. This year marked the beginning of a full-scale advance. The period from January to July of this year corresponds to 7,000 years of history.

**The Second Seven-Year Course and the Responsibility of Children**
The first seven-year course is the era of the restoration of the Cain and Abel brothers, but the second seven-year course is the era of the restoration of children. Today's second seven-year course is in the same position as when the teacher started the seven-year course right after liberation. However, unlike then, we are welcomed rather than persecuted. One must restore even younger siblings by any means necessary, akin to how Cain killed his younger brother Abel. Young men and women must restore the three children of faith. Then, together with the parents of faith, they will restore a family of eight. They must create children who can die in their place. The three children of faith represent the restoration type of the three archangels. Just as the three archangels supported and cooperated with Adam and Eve from the time of creation, the children of faith must carry and raise the blessed children of their parents of faith from the womb until they are married, in order to establish the standard for their own restoration. Without being blessed and giving birth to sons and daughters, one cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. The newly evangelized children of faith must not be left alone. That would be like giving birth to a child and abandoning it on the street. They must be led for seven years.

**Restoration through Indemnity**
1. Existence in place of Adam… Seven-year course
2. Conditional objects… Three children
3. Period… Indemnity restoration of the teacher's 40 years (1960) to 40 days
For a Unification Church member, the most terrifying words are to not go through the seven-year course and to not engage in 40 days of activity.

**Restoration of Families and the World**
Genesis 1:27-31
**Prayer (I)** Father, today is the first day of September 1968, the day we finish the 100-day prayer period and the 40-day activity period. The children who were scattered during that time have gathered here in the main sanctuary, so Father, please look upon them with a heart of compassion. 
Gracious Father, we know that you have gathered us not to seek anything in this world, but to achieve the overall purpose you have longed for and to establish a victorious good nation on this earth. 
Father, we have a longing for the true form of children who would have been exceedingly good, glorious, and lovely if humanity's ancestors had not fallen in the original world. Therefore, please allow us to pursue that good place of our ancestors that they could not occupy, a nation where we can be eternally protected in your love and live forever with your eternal love. We are well aware of how much you have labored since that day, as our ancestors made mistakes and lost the original standard you established. 
Father, we know that your sorrowful tears shed on the path of restoration permeate the historical process of humanity and our current living environment. Please let us clearly understand that we have the duty and responsibility as your sons to remove the sad facts of history and to eliminate all the sad circumstances of your heart in reality. 
Father, we know that this year, 1968, is indeed a significant year. This year marks the end of the first seven-year course and the beginning of the second seven-year course, as we have decided to march toward the battlefield. We have already sworn to dedicate our lives for the day of your desire. Therefore, we have the determination to follow your will until we establish a nation of your victory, whether we live or die, so please allow us to become your sons and daughters who can die for your will and live for your will. We earnestly hope and wish for this. 
Father, we know that we have the responsibility to shed blood and sweat for this nation and this people, and for all of humanity. We understand that we must fight until everything returns to heaven, and we earnestly hope and wish that you will make us victors in all battles as we fulfill our respective responsibilities. 
Your children, who were scattered in the mountains and fields, have gathered here today, so Father, please embrace them and comfort them. Are there any of your children who are wounded? Please comfort them. Are there any children who have resolved to follow your will in this new relationship? Please let the flag of heavenly life that surges in their hearts move forward. May this time be one where they lament their own suffering in the world of death, express gratitude for their newfound liberation, and give glory to you, Father. 
Today is a holy day. We know that many of your children scattered throughout South Korea have gathered to worship before you on this day, so please embrace them with uniform grace and govern their hearts and bodies with the grace of life. Thus, we earnestly hope and wish that you will make them your faithful soldiers who can achieve your desired purpose and your wishes. 
Today, your children scattered around the world are longing for this headquarters with tearful hearts, hoping to meet again, so we earnestly hope and wish that you will comfort them. Also, there are your sons who hold onto the mission you have given and bear the mission of pioneers in lonely places abroad, so please be with them wherever they are. May you testify that you are alive and establish a foundation for your victory by manifesting your authority in that environment. 
Please allow all that they desire to be fulfilled throughout the world, and since our purpose in fighting is not only for this nation and this people but also to restore the entire world, may we resolve again, unite again, and pledge again to become your sons and daughters who can make progress in front of your will until the day of victory. 
Now, we wish to dedicate this hour to you, Father, so please oversee everything. Do not let it be a time where Satan can intrude. Please let our hearts be solely captivated by you. May this time be one where we remove the root of sin and, as true beings who can only be governed by you, bow before you. 
We earnestly ask that you personally oversee everything, and we offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 
**Prayer (II)** Father, please embrace the children gathered here as your rightful children. They are the descendants who have made you lonely and sad throughout the long historical process. We know that the motivation and purpose for which you have labored is for your children, so please grant us the connection to embrace them as your beloved children at this time, Father. 
We know that no one can step forward to ask for blessings or to plead for blessings before you. However, through your infinite mercy, love, and labor, you have allowed us to have the connection to become your sons and daughters, and through that connection, we can call upon your name. 
We must inherit your highness, your preciousness, and your power. Therefore, we realize once again that we must fulfill the overall mission of subduing the remaining enemies throughout the universe, and we hope that this time will be one where we pledge to carry out that mission. 
We are but naked and insufficient beings who have nothing. We should be the ones to apologize a thousand or ten thousand times whenever we bow before your presence. Yet, despite this, you have become the sacrificial offering in our place until now, abandoning the foundation of glory, and have labored through suffering and adversity to open the path for humanity. We earnestly hope and wish that we will clearly understand that you are such a Father. 
We must become your children who can truly call you Father with hearts that are connected to you. How much must we long for you, Father? Yet, we, who have carried the grievance of losing you for 6,000 years, how much do you long for us to break through that grievance and call out to you as our Father, embracing us in your arms and weeping? We understand your heart well, Father. Therefore, we earnestly hope and wish that we can become your sons and daughters. 
Father, this time, your children have gathered here again after going through various trials during the 40-day course of pioneers. All the facts we have overcome in that difficult journey were because we loved heaven, and we have come here with a heart that loves you more. Therefore, please stretch out your hands of compassion and mercy at this place, and remember them deeply in your heart. Please cover them with your profound love and grant them the strength and courage to reach the eternal foundation of happiness. 
Father, we know that there are children here who are attending for the first time. We know that anyone can surely be your child belonging to heaven, so please embrace them. May this hour allow our hearts and bodies to unite and affirm that we are your bloodline, giving us a new resolution and determination. Thus, may we be your sons and daughters who take on the responsibility of standing with heaven on behalf of this nation and this world and walk the path of battle against the world of enemies. 
We dedicate this hour before you, Father, so please personally oversee everything. We wish to convey your words in this short time, so please let the hearts of the speaker and the listener become one. May you be the center of all the words and bring about a new transformation in our hearts, completely severing the bitter roots of sin. Thus, may you alone govern everything and create an atmosphere where only you can preside over everything, manifesting your authority, your life, and your power here. 
Please do not let this be a time where we are mocked by enemies, but rather let it be a time where we can experience your deep and high love and the grace of life under your power and protection. 
Please remember your children scattered throughout South Korea who are longing for this place, and also remember those scattered around the world who are fighting centered on your will in loneliness. We know that their tears and sweat are all because they love you, so please be with them, and discern their paths, allowing them to establish a foundation for victory that can be gathered toward heaven. 
Today is the first day of a new month and the first Sunday, so we earnestly hope and wish for your blessings upon this day. Two-thirds of this year has passed, and one-third remains. Now, centered on these remaining days, we have the task of achieving the goal of our declared slogan of full-scale advance this year, so please personally work with us in the process of achieving that, allowing us to establish a standard to boast of our decisive victory centered on this nation and this people. 
At this time, we earnestly ask that you allow us to share your words with your children solely within your will, and we offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 
**Message** The title of today's message is "Restoration of Families and the World." 
**Heaven's Providence to Find One Person**
Human beings living on this earth were originally meant to be the good sons and daughters of God. However, we know that they could not become the good lineage of heaven and were born as descendants of the opposing position. It is often said that this world is an evil world, regardless of who you ask. This means that it has not become a good world but has turned into an evil one. Consequently, even those living in this evil world cannot help but become evil people. In other words, today’s humanity lives from the standpoint of good and its opposite. 
Originally, when humanity was to start on this earth, if they had begun with God at the center as good ancestors, we would not have to seek a new world or pursue a new ideal in this historical process today. However, due to the fall of humanity's ancestors, we have become obligated to seek a new nation of hope and a new world of hope. 
If humanity's ancestors had not fallen, what kind of world would it have been? If they had formed families centered on the eternal heart and love of God as God's lineage, then tribes would have formed around those families, and nations and the world would have automatically been established centered on those tribes. That world would undoubtedly have been one that could receive God's dominion under God's sovereignty. However, the fact that the world became the opposite of that is the retribution and result of the fall. Thus, God has not been able to directly govern the countless humans living on this earth but has been pushing forward the history of providence from an indirect position, needing to save these humans. This is what we know as the history of religion until now. 
Since the fallen descendants of Adam and Eve were born, fallen families, fallen religions, fallen nations, and a fallen world have been established on this earth. God must find one person in this fallen world, the world of enemies, but it is impossible to find a person whom God can love from a natural standpoint. To find a person that God can use and establish in this world of enemies, the history of struggle must be repeated. To find that one person, God must take the lead in pioneering the environment and reveal God's internal situation. Thus, one individual...
bear in a way that is more profound than those who came before. This is the path that must be followed to return to the original world.

In conclusion, the history of humanity has been a journey of restoration, a return to the original state that was lost due to the fall. The mission of Jesus, who is to return, is to establish a new nation on this earth and conquer the world of evil. This is the purpose of the returning Messiah, who must continue the work that was started 2,000 years ago. 

The world today, despite being shaped by democracy and the legacy of Israel, lacks the true individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states that can represent God's heart and fulfill His will. The restoration process is ongoing, and it is essential for humanity to seek the path back to the original world, where God can truly dwell among His people. 

The ultimate goal is to create a world where God can be the eternal parent, where love can flourish, and where humanity can live in harmony with the divine. This is the world we must strive to return to, and it is through the restoration of our original nature that we can achieve this.
A responsible leader who is more thorough than the ancestors of humanity must emerge. This leader should not be someone who betrays heaven for their own glory and desires, but rather a central being who can forsake all their desires and even sacrifice their life for the will of heaven. To establish such a being, heaven has been working throughout history. Thus, the one sent as such a representative is Jesus. Therefore, Jesus is different from Adam and Eve. 

Adam and Eve fell from the desire to rise higher due to their enlightened eyes, but Jesus did not betray God even in the face of death. He prayed three times in the Garden of Gethsemane, worrying about God's will. "Abba, Father, all things are possible for You; take this cup away from Me; nevertheless, not what I will, but what You will." (Mark 14:36). This prayer was not of human will but was the beginning of Jesus’ alignment with the Father’s will, and this was indeed the path of Jesus’ death. There, Jesus established a standard that surpassed the fallen ancestors of humanity. 

Jesus had to love and honor God more than Adam did. He also had to hate Satan, whom God despises, more than anyone else. Therefore, He had to inherit the foundation of victory that God had prepared throughout the historical process without any shortcomings. In other words, He had to eliminate the conditions for Satan's accusations that existed in the historical process. Furthermore, in terms of the era, centered on the nation of Israel, He had to possess the authority to remove any conditions that could lead to the accusations of Satan due to the mistakes of the Israelite people. He had to stand in a position that could completely replace the original standard that Satan could not invade. Additionally, Jesus had to be in emotional unity with God and stand on an absolute standard centered on God’s hope. In every aspect, Jesus had to be superior to Adam and Eve. Without this, He could not be the Savior. 

After 4,000 years, the son who was finally placed in such a position, centered on Judaism and established as a seed in the household of Joseph, was Jesus. At that time, since the side of Satan was forming a nation to attack heaven, there had to be a national standard of a complete foundation on heaven's side as well. Thus, God worked for 4,000 years to establish one nation. The merit of God's hard work was that through the Israelite people accepting Jesus, it became a global foundation, and a world centered on God and Jesus had to be established on this earth. However, because Jesus died, that world was only realized spiritually. 

What should be done about this spiritual Israel? Today, Christianity is not like the ancient nation of Israel. Among the Christian nations of the world, there are many individuals, families, tribes, and nations who say, "Lord, come to our country," but there is no country that can assert that Jesus will definitely come to their nation. There is no nation that has become like the nation of Israel when Jesus came 2,000 years ago. 

Our nation has laid the foundation to welcome the Lord for thousands of years. There is no country that can assert that the Lord will definitely come among our people and within our nation. There is nothing sadder than a nation without a homeland, yet that is how it has become. 

Today, Christians think, "Ah, the Lord must come on the clouds." How wonderful would that be? If that were truly the case, people like us wouldn’t have to suffer. If they believed that way, they would have believed enough not to lose to pastors and elders. They would have been as diligent as anyone else in their devotion. What would the Lord do if He came on the clouds? 

If we dissect the history of Christianity, it has only emerged spiritually, suffering and being slaughtered. Because there was no foundation on the earth, they had to be slaughtered and sacrificed by numerous sovereigns of nations. Just that alone is frustrating and resentful, and what would the Lord do if He were to come spiritually as the returning Lord? Would He take away the Christians and kill everyone else? God is certainly not that kind of being. Like the parable of the prodigal son, we must understand that God is a God who loves the prodigal son more than His eldest son. 

What would the Lord do if He came to this earth and judged all people, creating a sea of death and turning them to ashes, fulfilling God's will? Judgment is not about judging people; it is about judging the enemy, Satan. 

The Bible says that if someone sins, they should be forgiven seventy times seven. Why must we continue to forgive those who have sinned? Does it mean that after forgiving them, we will kill them all later? No. People must be forgiven and saved, but Satan cannot be treated that way. People can be forgiven, but the devil cannot. Repeated forgiveness is a strategy to expel the enemy. Do you understand what I mean? Because these enemies have tormented humanity, forgiving them is a strategy for revenge against the enemy. 

What is the overall purpose of the restoration providence? Among the 3 billion people in the world today, how many are Christians? These Christians all claim that when the Lord comes, they must participate in the first resurrection, but is the first resurrection that easy? How can they resurrect without knowing that? What percentage of them will be resurrected? Will they leave only those people behind and strike down all of humanity? Such a delusional faith cannot be accepted. We must save the earth. We must save the earth. To do that, we must first completely save individuals from the world of Satan on the earth. Families must also be completely saved on the earth. We must save the heavenly tribes, nations, and ultimately the country on the earth. It is not in the air; it must be on the earth. What was lost during the fall was not lost in the air but on the earth. 

Restoration means to find what was lost again. What was lost must be found in the place where it was lost. It was lost on the earth, so it must be reclaimed on the earth. 

A person who has a body and mind fell. Therefore, centered on people, we must completely deny Satan and stand in the position of Adam and Eve, who can receive God's love as sons and daughters. Such a person cannot be dominated by Satan. They dominate Satan. Satan was originally the archangel. The archangel is meant to be governed by humanity. We are recovering that standard. Thus, the problem is not that there is no church like the Christian church. Also, it is not a matter of how many or how few church members there are. Such things cannot be God's will. What must exist before the church? There must be families. And before families, individuals must be restored. Isn’t that how it should be? 

If the ancestors of humanity had originally not violated God's laws and had been united with God forever, no one could take them away in that united love connection. They were already born as sons and daughters, and after growing up, there would be no theory or doctrine that could deny their identity by explaining, "Hey, who is your father? Isn’t that your father?" Even if they were threatened with swords, it would not work. 

Today, humans are born from God but cannot act as His sons and daughters. The first reason is that God cannot love humans as His sons and daughters. God cannot love humanity, and humanity cannot receive love as God's sons and daughters. The second reason is that they cannot perform the sacrament as God's beloved sons and daughters, and the third is that they cannot establish a heavenly family centered on God's love. If they had achieved these three things, humanity would not have become as miserable as it is today. If that had happened, the cultural world we see today would have already been established long ago. However, because it did not happen, we have been tracing the path of restoration and are now talking about cultural worlds and whatnot. 

Therefore, we must find the place where we will ultimately meet, the place where we will ultimately stay. The nations of the world must find their original homeland, and countless humans must find their original hometown and parents. This is the ultimate purpose of God's providence so far. That is why today I am speaking about the restoration of families and the world. 

What will the Lord do when He comes? Christians say, "Oh, when the Lord comes to this world, He will bring judgment." They say everything will melt away. But where is such a nonsensical statement? Of course, it may be written in the Bible, but what will the Lord truly do when He comes? He must have authority to act against the sovereigns of the world. However, there is no such foundation on this earth. Will the Lord come to the fighting Christians and act? If He were to act in the spiritual realm, why would it take 6,000 years? If that were the case, why didn’t He just do it all in the Garden of Eden and multiply the clans? It does not work that way, as Christians believe. 

Even if He intends to judge the world, there must be a proper foundation. When God sent Jesus, He first created the nation of Israel centered on Jacob's family and Jacob's tribe. Then He sent Jesus to that nation. Therefore, the returning Lord must prepare to exercise judgment over the world. How can the Lord act when He comes to a spiritual nation like Christianity? 

So where must the Lord come? Will He come to any country within the Christian realm of democratic nations? He cannot come as a nation. He cannot come as a nation. Will He come to a place like America? Absolutely not. He cannot come there. If that were the case, I would not be doing this work. The Lord comes to meet individuals. How many people fell in the Garden of Eden? Two fell. Therefore, if the Lord comes as a man, who will He seek? He will seek a bride. What does the bride mean here? Today, all Christians around the world claim to be the bride of Jesus. Of course, from a relative standpoint, they may be brides, but that is indirect. 

Since the Lord comes as a man, He seeks to find conditions where He can fulfill the eternal ideal and establish a foundation for eternal happiness. He also seeks conditions that can fulfill the whole in establishing a heavenly family. Because the Lord comes with such content as a man, He seeks individuals on the ground who have such overall content and attitude. He seeks individuals, and since the Lord is male, He seeks females. He is looking for a bride. Because there is a standard of hope for the one bride, God has been laying the foundation for Christianity for 2,000 years. 

Unless individuals are found here, families cannot be found. Unless families are found, tribes cannot be found, and unless tribes are found, nations cannot be found. Without finding nations and tribes, we cannot think about restoring the world. That is why the Lord first seeks individuals. Do you understand? The Lord is not seeking Christianity; He is seeking individuals who can offer 100% obedience before the Lord who comes, standing closest to heaven even within Christianity. 

The bridegroom, the Lord, must receive the bride. So what will He do after establishing the bride? He must establish a family. People treat what I say as heretical, but we must see who is heretical and who is orthodox, who will perish and who will prosper. 

By receiving the bride, the returning Lord finally brings about the restoration of families. The family of restoration that must be found is the family that humanity hopes for. Throughout 6,000 years of history, many religious leaders who believed and came forth have been sacrificed by numerous rulers and politicians, and what they earnestly hoped for was that the Lord would come and repay their grievances and enemies. However, the Lord cannot repay their enemies alone. If He could have done it alone, He would have done it long ago. Therefore, a heavenly family must emerge. A heavenly family must be established to lay a new foundation on the earth. Thus, we must be able to explode the world of Satan with the dynamite of the heart. 

What is the purpose of God's creation? He did not create Adam and Eve just to look at them. He did not create man and woman for them to grow old and die. They were created so that as they grow up, through their mutual feelings towards each other, they could build a true paradise on earth centered on God. It was to create a foundation of love centered on God. Here, the male Adam represents heaven, and the female Eve represents the earth. Therefore, although they are two, when they unite horizontally, heaven and earth become one. When two people unite centered on God's love, the universe automatically unites. 

The reason Jesus has worked so hard to find the bride is for this reason. The two people who did not unite with God in the Garden of Eden and became servants due to their betrayal must completely unite for the origin of restoration to occur. What is that? It is the wedding feast of the Lamb. The Bible speaks of the wedding feast of the Lamb, which is the day when two people finally become one centered on God's love, the day when they are bound together, and that day is a day that all people have longed for, a day that can be celebrated throughout the ages. Thus, the purpose of providence, the history of humanity, and the purpose of religion all culminate there. 

Everyone here has families, but under whose protection is that family established? Some may think, "I live today in a way that is conscientious, and socially I am a person who will not lose to anyone." Therefore, they may feel confident and unashamed wherever they go. However, if we dig into the root, we find that the ancestors of humanity are caught in the snare of the enemy and cannot escape from that authority. Can a family established in such authority receive God's approval? That is why religions teach to live a single life. Even though many of you have had sons and daughters, you should have lived a single life. 

This is not just the words of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. It is what religions teach. As you know, Buddhism teaches this too, and so does Catholicism. Do you know why? It is because they were taught that way as they drew closer to God. Those who were meant to be the true ancestors of humanity have not even had a wedding ceremony. Did they? No, they did not. Yet, can those who are in a position as if they have not been born have a wedding ceremony? The sons and daughters born as fallen descendants must all go through the hand of salvation to be restored.
We must walk the path. Originally, for us humans, things like religion, restoration, prayer, and any kind of return to God are all unnecessary. It should be that way. In the realm of God's love, it is possible to be that way. 

The two human ancestors, by separating from God, caused the tragic division of the heavenly lineage, ruining history. To restore this, the two must come together, and the day they unite will be the day of the Lamb's banquet. It is the day when Jesus returns to welcome the bride and hold the wedding feast of the bride and groom. That day was supposed to be when the true ancestor centered on God was to be born 6,000 years ago, but since that did not happen, it is only after 6,000 years that we can finally start toward the standard that God has desired, and humanity can return from the fallen world to the original world. 

Since the fall occurred on earth, restoration must also take place on earth. Then, since we speak of the family of restoration, who will be the center of that restored family? It must be a family made up of true sons and daughters whom God seeks, because that family is the purpose of God's creation. So, who will that be? It is the one who comes with the full authority to inherit the universe. That person is the Lord of the Second Advent. The Lord of the Second Advent must come and establish a family. If Christians hear this, they will be astonished. Jesus had to get married. If He didn't intend to get married, why would He have been born as a man? He would have been born as something neither male nor female. He would come as a being that is neither male nor female, acting as a woman when convenient and as a man when convenient. 

Today, there are many who swear by absurdities. The Lord will come on the clouds? What does that mean? When asked this, they say, "What do you mean? The Lord will do everything; I will just follow along." How ridiculous! They make their parents suffer and want everything for themselves. Think about it. Since the fall happened on earth, restoration must also happen on earth. If something is lost in the dirt, it must be found in the dirt; where is there a saying that something lost in the dirt can be found in the sky? This is nonsense. 

What is the wish of our Unification family? It is to become the family of restoration. Everyone, is that right? "Yes." I don't think so. (Laughter) Is that really true? "Yes." You must be able to believe it.... Our wish is here, the starting point of peace for all nations is here, the starting point of happiness in heaven and earth is here, the starting point of God's providence is here, the point of the great transformation of heaven and earth is here, the source of all human values is here, and the starting point of hope is here. It is all here. Then, who is the center of the family of restoration? It is the true ancestors. The true ancestors are the father and mother. 

Humans, due to the fall, can see their father and mother being reborn. Can you see fathers and mothers being born in the world? "No." Because of the fall, we can see that. It is a shocking fact. That is why Christianity teaches that one must be born again. It says one must enter the womb of the mother and be born again. But can one enter the womb of the mother again? No, so one must be grafted in. One must cut off the neck and graft in Jesus there. 

Today, many nations in the world are all brothers, yet they are fighting each other. Cain and Abel, who were brothers in Adam's family, fought and killed each other, and that brotherly fight has not yet ended. The history of wars in the world has been a continuation of brotherly fights. After the Second World War, brother nations entered a historical realm where they could be equal, so the victorious nations at that time liberated the defeated nations. Do you understand what I mean? It was time for the father and mother to come after the Second World War, so they said, "Now, let us not fight but reconcile and meet the father and mother together." It is reconciliation that allows us to meet the father and mother, isn't it? If we do not reconcile, when the father and mother come, everyone will be chased away, and both will perish, so we must reconcile. That was the Second World War. 

The history of humanity, which started with the fight of brothers, is now witnessing a conflict between the communist world and the democratic world. We must reconcile these. At this time, it is the Unification Church that must bring about this reconciliation. You may not believe it, but just wait and see. History has started from the war of brothers, and that fight has not yet been resolved. The victorious nations are like the elder brother, and the defeated nations are like the younger brother. Until now, the elder brother has beaten the younger brother to create history, but now it is time for the elder brother to liberate the younger brother. Thus, the war that took place to finally liberate the younger brother was the Second World War. Only then can the parents come and say, "Now these kids have become people; the old tendency to kill the younger brother has disappeared." The world has now entered a realm where it can welcome the parents. 

Since history has been the history of brotherly wars, who must come? The parents must come. However, until now, the parents have been born as fallen parents, contrary to the heavenly laws, so they have all been gathered among the children of enemies. It is all the opposite. Everything is opposite. As a result, the two fight. The two are always fighting, aren't they? Originally, they should not fight but should unite. The mind should represent heaven, and the body should represent the earth; also, the mind should represent the father, and the body should represent the mother, and they should have become one, but because they could not, everything became divided. God and humanity became separated. History began with the fight between Adam and Eve. It started with deception. 

It was said that if you eat, you will die. Yet, they thought, "Ah, it is okay to eat this. My eyes will be opened." It started with a deception that twisted the truth. From the very beginning, it was wrong. Therefore, we must suffer greatly based on that. We must pay the price for sin. We must reap what we have sown. 

At the end, the ties of brotherhood will all be severed. Until now, in human history, things like the heavenly way, the ties of parents and children, and the five relationships have been the foundation for managing this world, but at the end, all of those will break apart. When it becomes a time when mothers are what they are, children are what they are, wives are what they are, and husbands are what they are, you must understand that this is the end of the world. If it is said that parents stabbed their children with knives, that is the end, and if it is said that brothers stabbed each other, that is the end. When the world becomes a place where the uniqueness of brotherhood, the uniqueness of parent-child relationships, and the uniqueness of husband-wife relationships are all manipulated for self-centered purposes, that is the end. Because of the fall in the Garden of Eden, such things have been sown, and the time for the harvest of the fruits of the fall is coming. Isn't this the time? This world cannot just flow as it is; it has entered the harvest season, the time for reaping. 

The principle of restoration and the true parents' religion
The world has become what it is due to the fallen parents' ties that have deviated from God. Therefore, the true parents must come and establish a new ideology. What kind of ideology will that be? Will it be a world ideology? A heavenly ideology? It is the ideology of the true family. Without the ideology of the true family, the world ideology cannot emerge. The representative of this true family ideology must become the true son of God. He must be the internal heir who inherits all of God's emotional aspects, the external heir, and the heir of all things. In other words, he must be the one who can inherit God's heart, body, and all things. Only such a son can become God's representative. When that son comes, the kingdom of heaven will finally be established. 

So, what is the ideology of the true family? The ideology of the true family is the ideology of God's love. Isn't it simple? Without love, no matter how much one boasts of being the best in the world, that person is an unhappy person. Isn't that right? The ideology of the true family is one where when the parents go, the sons and daughters follow the parents forever, and when the elder brother goes, the younger brother follows forever, and when the younger brother goes, the elder brother follows forever. Therefore, if there is a nation of the younger brother, the nation of the elder brother must follow, and if there is a nation of the elder brother, the nation of the younger brother must also follow. 

What kind of ideology is God's love ideology? It transcends borders and transcends all flat worlds, seeking to give first and being slow to receive. That is the ideology of the world that will come in the ideal world. The ideal world is not a world that commands with great power, saying, "You guys!" The ideal world is one where hearts move automatically and can harmonize with God's love, a world of universal brotherhood. It will become such a world. Therefore, the true family must emerge, right? "Yes." 

The term "Lord" refers to the Messiah. There is a term "Savior" in the thought of the Messiah, right? When you ask people who believe in Christianity who they believe in, do they say they believe in the family of Jesus? When you ask someone who believes in Buddhism who they believe in, do they say they believe in the family of Buddha? Have you ever heard anyone say they believe in a family? 

However, in the future, such a religion must emerge. A religion of the family Savior must arise. That is the true parents' religion. The true parents' religion is a living religion that forms a family foundation. In that case, the father and mother become the saviors of the sons and daughters of that family. Isn't that right? 

If you look at the end of the Book of Revelation, it speaks of the history of restoration. That is why the Bible is great. Because there was a principle of restoration, the content of restoration was inserted at the end of the Bible. In Revelation 22:17, it is written: 

"The Spirit and the Bride say, 'Come!' And let him who hears say, 'Come!' And let him who thirsts come. Whoever desires, let him take the water of life freely." 

Do you understand what the Bride and the Holy Spirit are? The Bride is the one who becomes the wife of the Lord, and the Holy Spirit is the spiritual aspect, so from here, the mother who combines spirit and flesh must emerge. Jesus, as the father of humanity, must find a mother among women to save into a new world. Christians do not know this. Even if you try to teach them, they refuse and instead call it heresy, which is astonishing. 

The family of restoration
So, what is our sorrow today? It is that Adam and Eve could not establish a true family as true father and mother in the Garden of Eden and start history. This is not only the sorrow of humanity but also the sorrow of God. The purpose for which God created humanity was to establish such a family and create a kingdom of peace on this earth. Nevertheless, because that family was broken, God has carried the sorrow for 6,000 long years, repeating the history of restoration. You must understand that in that process, countless sorrows have been traversed to bring us to the history we have today. 

The one who comes to take responsibility for and resolve that history is the Lord of the Second Advent. Then, what must the Lord of the Second Advent do? He must establish a family. The family must be established not in the sky but on the earth. Only then can tribes emerge, nations emerge, and the world emerge. The Lord must carry out the history to build a new heaven and earth with the authority of the Second Advent, and he must not torment the world with any kind of iron cage. When the Lord of the Second Advent surpasses the national standard, he must lay the foundation for the world to turn around all at once. You must understand that if things go wrong, the miserable history that Jesus faced on this earth could be repeated here. 

So, what kind of family is the family of restoration? It is the embodiment of historical wishes. God has been providentially seeking this one family for 6,000 years. Where must this embodiment of historical wishes be realized? It must be realized in the reality of this present world. It must not be realized in the future. It must be realized in the present. That time when it is realized is the end. This is the standard of historical wishes and the standard of wishes for all people in the present world. It is the standard of wishes for humanity's past, present, and future. Countless saints and sages who have come and gone as humans have longed for this family. 

Why did the righteous who died for goodness sacrifice themselves so much? It was to help this one purpose that so many good people sacrificed themselves. Therefore, when this wish is fulfilled, the saints and sages who were sacrificed in the historical process will also receive benefits. The Bible speaks of the crown of righteousness, the crown of love, and various crowns; all of that refers to such benefits. The place where the descendants left behind by such ancestors can receive blessings is the family of restoration. For this reason, people who believe in religion in the present world must receive blessings through this foundation. A family that can resolve the sorrows of history can resolve all sorrows of the present world and can also become a starting point for a new history. 

Qualifications to be grafted into the heavenly family
So, can you just know about the family of restoration? The Unification Church is the place that teaches how to manage that family and how to relate to that family. It teaches how to relate personally, and furthermore, how to relate to that family in a familial, tribal, national, and global context. This is the mission of the Unification Church. I say this for the sake of those who are here for the first time today. By listening to the words of the Unification Church and establishing relationships centered on this family, you are to become like the grapevine instead of the wild grapevine. You are to become like the true olive tree instead of the wild olive tree. The wicked individual must become so, and the wicked family must become so, and the wicked society must become so, and the wicked nation must become so, and the wicked world must become so. Teaching such a method is the mission of the Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." 

What must you do to enter such a family? You must establish a connection with the Unification Church. You must act according to the doctrines taught by the Unification Church. Then, what are the doctrines taught by the Unification Church? They teach the method of subduing Satan. It is to expel Satan, who has historically acted as God's enemy. This doctrine must contain the authority to appear at any time in history and say to Satan, "You, enemy Satan, get lost!" and expel Satan. If there is no content equipped with the authority to subdue Satan in this present world where Satan reigns, it is absolutely impossible to unify. In other words, unless we prepare the content to completely blow up the fact that Adam and Eve entered under Satan's dominion in the Garden of Eden and to equip ourselves with the authority to subdue Satan, we cannot enter the family of restoration. 

Then, what kind of people should those who believe in the Unification Church today, that is, those who understand and believe through the doctrines of the Unification Church, become? They must become people who have the confidence that they can be victors who do not lose in any battle in history. Furthermore, even in this present world, no matter how harsh this land may be, they must keep their loyalty here and, furthermore, be the subject that can subdue the wicked world.
You must become a person who possesses this. The Unification Church must be able to take responsibility for God's history, which has repeatedly retreated and failed in the war between Satan and God, and restore it. Unification Church members must qualify as such. Although democracy and communism are fighting in the present age, they must become those who can step over and resolve these conflicts and overcome them. They must possess the subjective ability to dominate the times without being dominated by them, so that they can qualify to be grafted into the heavenly family. Do you understand? "Yes."

What should you not forget in your social life? In your interpersonal relationships, in your life, and in your relationships with society, all events that occur are part of a stage connected to the shackles of the enemy that mocked God throughout history. Therefore, you must become people who have the authority to eliminate and judge all historical snares of Satan. In other words, you should not get caught in the nets that can lead to accusations from Satan in the historical age. Whether it is in a single word you speak, in your daily life, or in any social activity or work, you must be in a position where the history of God's restoration and indemnity, which has been connected for 6,000 years, surrounds you, so you must not fall into it.

To enter the heavenly kingdom, you must become someone who can dominate Satan; otherwise, you cannot be grafted into the heavenly family. Without being grafted into the heavenly family, you cannot become part of the heavenly lineage. If you do not enter into the realm of the heavenly lineage, you cannot participate in the heavenly nation, and if you do not participate in the heavenly nation, you cannot become a citizen of the heavenly country. Furthermore, without becoming a citizen of the heavenly country, you cannot enter the heavenly kingdom, the kingdom on earth.

What kind of world is the heavenly kingdom? It is the original world, so no individual, family, or lineage that can be accused by Satan can enter. Therefore, in the future, all Unification Church members must unite as individuals, families, and their relatives. In other words, the three generations must become one. Looking at the family of Adam, Adam is the first generation, Cain and Abel are the second generation, and the children of Cain and Abel are the third generation; thus, the three generations must become one. When viewed centering on God, God is the first generation, Adam and Eve are the second generation, and Cain and Abel are the third generation.

Jesus came as the second Adam to become the ancestor of the second humanity, but because he could not do so, he had to come again. Therefore, the Lord who comes again is coming as the third Adam. This third Adam must settle all history to complete human history. For this reason, you must also create a family that does not receive accusations from Satan based on the standard of the three generations. You must clearly understand that without creating such a family, you cannot participate in the realm of the heavenly lineage, the national realm, and the world realm.

If someone newly enters the Unification Church, they must know this content and establish a relationship with it, possessing such values. To do this, you must comply with the directives given. Do you understand?

<Prayer> Father, we know that this land has gone through a historical process without a center. There are many Christians around the world, but which denomination, which lineage, which family, or which individual will you drop the anchor of heaven upon? We have realized that there is no foundation for that.

We are confident that the Unification Church has come to this land to lay that foundation for a new era and a global mission. Therefore, we must not become people who are pushed out in the historical process of the future. We sincerely hope and desire to understand that in order to represent heaven on this earth and to have the authority to trample upon and swallow the world of evil, we must embody the appearance of heavenly heroes.

We know how sorrowful the process of restoration is. Therefore, today we want to understand that we are the entities that have survived for 6,000 years without dying, standing in the position of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. The facts that occurred in the family of Adam and Eve are the facts that occurred in our own families; the tragedies that occurred between Cain and Abel are centered on our own selves; the family of Noah also represents our own selves; and all the facts of the 6,000 years of historical process from Abraham, Moses, and Jesus to the present are the miseries that we ourselves had to endure.

Thus, we must recognize that we are those who must remain as the reality of resurrection, having the authority of resurrection, even after being killed in that misery. We earnestly hope to understand this clearly at this time. 

Knowing that Jesus went through such a historical destiny to come to this earth, we must be assured that we must possess the victorious authority to inherit his lineage and become his successors. Therefore, we earnestly hope and desire to become your sons and daughters who can determine and step forward to such a victorious position.

We have not perished amidst all kinds of trials, tribulations, and persecutions. Yet, we have come out with a single-minded heart centered on the Father’s will. We have come out as the standard of the family of restoration, so now we must pass through this family as individuals, and all families on this earth must also pass through this family. Tribes, nations, and countries must enter into the nation of the Father’s desires through such familial connections. We must clearly understand that only then can we establish a world of peace according to the Father’s will and fulfill a joyful heaven. We earnestly ask that all of humanity become your people and that the whole world become your world.

Please personally oversee the remaining time and protect us, we earnestly request, and we offer all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen. 

― There was a testimony from Sir Anthony Burk and Ms. Monica Parish from England ―

<Words> Although a lot of time has passed, I would like to say a few more words. 

There may be new members today, but the following words are about future church activities. 

The Evidence of the Spirit World
The question is how to revitalize the atmosphere of the 40-day activity and connect it to the activities of all members. 

You have heard through the words of the foreign guests who have come this time, but you must know that countless spirits in the world are preparing a foundation for external cooperation for our purpose. Therefore, you should not be discouraged by the lack of results from your efforts. The sincerity we have sown will surely be reaped externally. So, do not be discouraged by the immediate lack of results, but rather put in steady effort. The question is how much sincerity you put forth before heaven. History must be fulfilled here and will inevitably return here. That is why the external world is gradually approaching us.

Having completed the seven-year course until now, foreign spirits are saying that from this year, the era of suffering has passed and the era of glory is coming. They may not know well what they are saying, but they are saying it because we are engaging in the history of that motivation. Because we resolve all the historical causes, the spirit world is witnessing the results of that.

Seeing this, you must understand how important our current position is. 

Countless spirits in foreign countries will want to come to Korea very much in the future. Those people have traveled from their countries, which is about ten thousand miles away, and it must have cost them at least a million won to come here. When you think about this, if this purpose had been fulfilled in foreign countries, would there be anyone willing to come to Korea? (Laughter) Think about it, everyone. They will not come just once and leave; they will have to come back again and again in the future. If they truly understand this purpose, they will not be able to avoid coming at least once every three years while they are alive. Therefore, when this world becomes like that, Korea will be filled with tourists, and just building hotels for them will be enough to make a living. (Laughter) This is not a joke; it is entirely possible.

When we see this, we have already passed the time to lament being born into a nation that has been miserable throughout history. People do not realize that this fact is unfolding in Korea and that the world is moving to come into Korea.

Newcomers may think, "The Unification Church is just another denomination." Please do not think like that. Our Unification Church is not just a denomination. It is not a denomination for the sake of the Unification Church alone. The movement of the Unification Church is a global movement. It encompasses not only this earthly world but also the spirit world. The spirit world is already unified. Those who belong to that spirit world will all come to hear the words of True Father. When I say this, newcomers may think it sounds crazy, but it is the one who says such things who is crazy. (Laughter) 

The spirits scattered throughout the world are witnessing True Father. Until now, those who have been connected to the spirit world have been vaguely witnessing the truth of God and infinite love, but now they will all receive revelations directly from True Father. Thus, they will be connected. Since the spirit world has been unified, now the unification will occur in the middle with the physical world, and when the physical world is connected, true unification will take place.

In the future, the spirits of the spirit world will all return to the earth and cooperate with the path of our Unification Church, and there will come a time when they cannot help but witness the path we are taking. Furthermore, many ancestors will return to the earth and cause trouble for their descendants. They will play games of giving disease and then providing medicine. Thus, they will put people in a position where they must believe in the Unification Church.

Seeing this, what True Father said seven years ago seemed like a dream, but after seven years, the world has come this close. Foreigners are currently relating to numerous spirits, and the amazing thing is that they say the era of glory is coming from this year, after all the era of suffering has passed. People do not know why that is.

The Meaning of "The One Who Strives Takes Away"
Those who come to this humble place in Korea for the first time think that the headquarters of the Unification Church is magnificent because it is the world headquarters and that the True Father is great, but when they come, they find it is nothing. However, even if one dresses in rags, in heart and character, they can become a king. For those who judge only by appearances, this way of going out is strategically convenient for finding the real thing.

If we were to build a grand multi-story building, the largest in the East, and make it luxurious, a crowd of beggars would come to try to succeed first. Wouldn’t that be the case? When we think about this, in such a difficult place where there is no place to sit, where you sweat and your butt hurts, only those who can gather in such a place, forgetting everything and knowing it as a place of life, will remain as the true ones.

Seeing this, you must understand how close our time has come. True Father has directly guided you, but in the future, he feels that you will bring great shame upon him. That is what True Father is worried about now. Those who receive guidance through spirits from abroad are ready to die if commanded to do so. Do you understand? Those people would jump into the Pacific Ocean and drown if told to do so. However, the Unification Church members here have heard True Father’s words so much that they think, "Well, that’s not so bad." This has become a habit. If this continues, your sincerity will be completely taken away from them. 

You have worked hard to come in, but if those who come in later put in more sincerity than you did, you will lose what you have worked for. 

Why? Because in the restoration history of the Unification Church, we must progress from individual restoration to family restoration, then to tribal restoration, and then to national restoration, gradually expanding to larger fields. When the larger world comes to find us in the future, those who came in first must connect and inherit the world that is to come. If they do not do enough work to inherit, they will lose that inheritance to those who come later and put in their utmost sincerity. They will lose everything. You must understand this. The saying "The one who strives takes away" refers to this.

You must fight for at least seven years, and if you cannot do it within seven years, you must continue to fight steadily for 21 years. True Father has walked this path until now, so you must walk this path as well. Therefore, this second seven-year course is not a period for True Father to walk, but it is the official course that the children must take. This seven-year course is to establish the standard of the family. Do you understand? The heavenly family, that is.

To establish a heavenly family, you must have three children of faith. Thus, you must receive the blessing, and without laying the foundation for the direct descendants to serve the children of faith from the womb, you cannot say you have established the foundation of the family. This is not something True Father says lightly; it is the way of heaven.

That is why even Jesus wanted to take his three disciples with him to the final place of death, but all his disciples fled. Therefore, Jesus had to ascend from there. If the three disciples had died with Jesus, he would have resurrected them before resurrecting himself. In that case, Jesus would not have needed to resurrect but only needed the Holy Spirit to come to the earth. So, if the spiritual foundation had been established on the earth, the believers would have been able to connect directly with the spirit world without many prayers. However, since there was no standard to become parents on this earth, the Father, Jesus, had to go to the spirit world representing heaven, and the Mother, the Holy Spirit, had to come to the earth symbolizing the earth.

Thus, since the Father and Mother are in a divided position, how difficult would it be to become their children? This is certainly because the three disciples of Jesus could not establish a victorious foundation for restoration on the earth and could not set the condition of sharing life and death with Jesus. This is the law, and therefore, anyone in the Unification Church must understand that without establishing this family, they cannot enter the kingdom of heaven. Jesus died for this reason, True Father has suffered for 21 years for this reason, and God has been working for 6,000 years to find this. This is the official course that anyone who learns the Principle must take. There is no forgiveness in this official course. There is no forgiveness. No matter how well you know True Father, it cannot be helped.

This is the seven-year course you must take, and in this course, you will have to...
You are placed at the point in time when the teacher was about to depart. The teacher faced persecution from the church, was driven away by the nation, and faced opposition from many spiritual leaders. However, that is not the era we live in now. You are in a time when you can testify and be welcomed globally by the nation, religion, numerous denominations, and spiritual leaders. In that sense, you are in a more blessed position than the teacher. In the past, if you made a mistake while working, you had to bear the consequences, but that era has passed for you. All conditions have improved. Truly, the era of indemnity has passed, and a glorious era is approaching us. This period applies to you, who are in the position of children. The suffering standard was established before humanity due to the mistakes of the parents. However, since the teacher has completed the responsibility from the parent's position, you, standing in the position of children, can start from a place that can transcend all standards of persecution and accusation. This period is the 7-year course.

Everyone must go through this 7-year course. Regardless of whether one is talented or not, everyone must go through it. Anyone born as a fallen descendant must walk this path to enter heaven. Although it is not mentioned in the Bible, originally, Jesus also started from the 7 years between the ages of 27 and 33. From there until the age of 40 is the second 7-year course, and if Jesus had started from the age of 20, that would be the third 7-year course. Thus, Jesus had to lay the global foundation by the age of 40, but because the nation could not support him, he died, which is why it remains in the Bible as the 7-year great tribulation. However, today, Christians do not even know what the 7-year great tribulation in the Bible is and are just making a fuss about it happening. Jesus is the substitute for King David. Therefore, he had to work centered on the 40 years of King David, 40 years of King Solomon, and 40 years of King Saul. That is why it was essential to complete the 40 years.

The teacher also laid the foundation for the heavenly providence centered on the year 1960, when he was exactly 40 years old, based on the Unification Church. Therefore, the world entered a new historical era centered on the year 1960. Historians only see the external results but do not understand the internal motivations behind them. Thus, during this 7-year period, the world will enter a state of confusion, reaching a fate where the communist world can collapse. The time when the democratic world and the communist world can lose their authority to lead the entire world coincides with the 7-year course. Therefore, it may take some time, but from now on, it has become an era where only God can develop globally. Now, even if you engage in activities, you do not have to fight against enemies, and you are placed in a free environment where you can directly reap the harvest of your activities.

You must now restore your family. To do this, you must find the three sons and daughters of faith. Therefore, you must establish the expectation of sons and daughters with them and create the external expectation of faith centered on your parents so that the children of faith can completely serve their direct descendants. These three sons and daughters of faith correspond to the three archangels in the spiritual world. Just as the archangels served from the time Adam and Eve were created, you must have the children of faith serve from the time your blessed children are in the womb after you receive the blessing. This means that you must indemnity and restore the standard that the archangels should cooperate with until the time of the marriage ceremony of the saints, which was created before Adam was created. Therefore, the three children of faith are absolutely necessary.

From the perspective of the times, there are the Adam era, the Jesus era, and the era of the returning Lord. In this context, Adam is the first son, Jesus is the second son, and the returning Lord is the third son. In these three eras, who opposed the restoration history? Cain always opposed Abel. Therefore, the restoration of the Cain-type must occur, but the three archangels must first be restored. Thus, unless you lay the foundation to completely serve the baby born after you receive the blessing from the womb, your descendants cannot become the people of heaven. This is the heavenly law. Jesus also died because he could not achieve this. If it were as simple as you think, why would he have died? Was it because there were no brides at that time? It is because you cannot align with this heavenly law. That is the official path to enter heaven, so you cannot enter heaven without walking the official course. Heaven is not entered individually but as a family.

Today, all Christians say they will go to heaven, but the place they are talking about is not heaven but paradise. Where has Jesus been until now? He has been in paradise. Because there remains a standard of longing and hope for the bride, he cannot go to heaven. He has been coming out until now, looking at the way to enter heaven.

Originally, the heaven based on the principle of creation is a place that is entered centered on the family. Parents must enter, children must enter, and the entire clan must enter to be happy; if parents go to hell and only children go to heaven, what kind of heaven is that?

Therefore, the Unification Church must lay the family standard to pave the way to heaven in the future. Otherwise, you cannot go to heaven. You must break away from the standards where Satan can accuse you, escaping from the historical standards of accusation and the contemporary standards of accusation. To do this, you must understand that you cannot skip this official path of restoration. You must clearly understand that the period in which you can resolve this in a free, flat environment without persecution is the second 7-year course. Do you understand? 

In the future, if you do not go through this course, you will not receive blessings. Until now, during the first 7-year course, the teacher was able to bless you because he was in a position to take responsibility, but from now on, if you do not pass through this official process, you absolutely cannot receive blessings. You must understand this. Therefore, if you want to follow this will, you cannot avoid this 7-year course. If you do not walk this path, many believers in the world will come and take your place. Once this crosses a certain standard, the people you evangelized in the past will be recognized. The time will come when you will not be able to follow.

Establish the twelve children of faith. 

Entering the Unification Church is joyful, but you must understand how heavy your responsibility is to be cultivated in the Unification Church. The teacher also suffered for 21 years to walk this path. What was supposed to end in 7 years extended to 21 years of hardship. Thus, he laid the foundation for all victories and blocked all bases where Satan could accuse. Therefore, now you can indemnity and restore the position where Adam and Eve grew in the free Eden without receiving accusations from Satan. In other words, it means that since you have become sick and broken, you only need to set the conditions to fill in the holes. 

To do this, you must establish the three sons and daughters of faith. Then you can stand before heaven as a family. After that, unless you establish twelve people, you cannot connect the spiritual world and the physical world. You cannot liberate the many ancestors who are entangled in the spiritual world. Without liberating the spiritual and earthly worlds, you cannot fulfill the responsibility of restoration in the fallen world. You must restore the external world and the internal world, but you cannot complete the responsibility of these two worlds.

That is why you must fill the number 12. Therefore, on the ground, there are directions centered on the east, west, south, and north, and there are twelve months centered on the number 12. The heavenly numbers are the same. Heaven is also structured that way and moves that way. There are four gates representing the east, west, south, and north, twelve apostles representing the twelve pearl gates, and twenty-four elders representing the twenty-four solar terms. Thus, the heavenly fortune of heavenly law and the earthly fortune must all align. If you do not align these numbers, even if you enter heaven, you can only go in one direction, like having only the spring season among the four seasons. You cannot move outside that door. This means that you cannot claim the whole of heaven as your own and can only have one directional position.

Jesus chose the twelve disciples because he had to go through this four-directional aspect and dominate all directions. Therefore, for three years, Jesus worked to break down the barriers of the twelve. He aligned their hearts to unify them completely. In the same way, you must do this work from this year until the 1970s during this three-year period. Now that the environment has become free, if you do well, you might be able to accomplish it in less than three years, perhaps in about 40 days. The time has come when you can accomplish in 40 days what God has done over 6,000 years, what Jesus has done over 2,000 years, and what the teacher has done over 21 years, even though you are in a 7-year process. If you cannot do this, you must perish. Each person must take 5 percent of the responsibility in this official path. Without fulfilling this responsibility, you cannot proceed on your way.

Now is the time to restore your family and relatives. 

This year, everyone must be mobilized. If you understand the will, you must mobilize. Regardless of age, gender, or whether one has a family or is single, everyone is involved in this principle. This enormous issue is blocking your path to find the heavenly way and to find the heavenly parent. Without breaking down this wall, you cannot conquer the world of Satan.

This is more precious than anything else. It is more precious than anything in your own home. Therefore, as I mentioned earlier, you must establish the heavenly family, and to do that, you must go through such a process. When you are active centered on the second 7-year course, regardless of who tells you to go or opposes you, each person has a path they must take. And now is the time to evangelize your relatives. I mentioned this last Sunday, but I have never been able to evangelize my relatives. I have not been able to say a word to my parents or relatives about my mission and how the heavenly law is structured. Why? Because it is not the time to give good things to your relatives or children. Until now, God has been working to save the children of enemies by first sacrificing His own children. Therefore, you must inherit this historical tradition and practice it. Those who believe that good things should belong to their side cannot belong to heaven.

When members of established churches pray, they say, "May our children be blessed..." but what blessing can there be for the children of such people? They will not receive blessings. God is a fair God; will He only bless their children? Even when praying, it cannot be done that way. When you pray, you should say, "Father, if there are people among those scattered across the world who are better than my children, please bless them first. And through the blessings they receive, may my children also be blessed." You must pray like this. However, if you set aside everyone else and only ask for blessings for yourself and your children, how can that work? There are laws even in prayer. Therefore, you must follow the heavenly law.

If the teacher had only worked on a family basis until now, there would be no reason to face persecution. The teacher has confidence that he can impress them with words in a gathering of parents, mothers, the entire clan, and relatives. He is certain that he can bring the entire clan and relatives before the will. However, because that is not the will of heaven, it cannot be done. Jesus could not do that either, which is why he was chased away in front of his relatives.

However, you are in a position where you can evangelize your relatives and have entered a time when you can shed tears and express your earnest feelings to your parents. In that position, you are better than the teacher. Now is the time when, if your parents or relatives refuse to accept the will, you can do anything to move them, even if it means crying and begging. It may be a bit difficult to face an older sibling, but you can forcibly bring a younger sibling, saying that the path of the Unification Church is good, and make them believe, saying, "You must believe, whether you want to or not!" This is the free time that has come. If you do not take responsibility in this time, you will have no face before heaven. The teacher will also not be able to deal with such people in the future. Do you understand? "Yes."

If you do not do this, you cannot enter heaven. You must establish a family to enter heaven. That is why the Unification Church conducts collective marriage ceremonies. What is this collective marriage ceremony? Even those who come for the first time may think that the collective marriage ceremony is trivial, but they will be amazed. Yes! It is a magnificent and wonderful thing. That is why even those who come for the first time, young men and women, are worried about whether they can participate in the collective marriage ceremony, shedding tears.

Understanding God's internal affairs.

<Summary of the Message> Humanity lost God and creation due to the fall. Therefore, we must find what we have lost. How can we find parents, family, tribe, and nation? How can we meet our parents? What kind of person do we need to become to meet them? This is the problem.

There has been the hard work of those who have accompanied heaven. What you must understand is that by establishing this nation, you must inherit the historical labor of meeting God.

As you pass through the stages, the historical significance is applied to your internal feelings, making it increasingly difficult.

First, when restoring the family as an individual, family indemnity is necessary. Otherwise, you cannot align completely with the will. To transition to tribe, nation, and world, indemnity and sacrifice are essential. There must be spiritual, physical, and material sacrifices for national economic construction.

The entire history has worked hard to establish one person. There has been boundless historical effort to find one person, and today, establishing the Unification Church to restore families and tribes is the most pleasing thing to God.

You pass through the stages of ① family ② sons and daughters ③ relatives ④ nation.

You must come forward with explosive feelings. You cannot just stick to habitual thoughts. 

September 9, 1968, early morning, at the former headquarters church.
* This message was given during the early morning worship service and has been organized from the notes of the history compilation committee chairman, Yoo Kwang-ryeol. The title was added by the editor.

The history was disrupted because Abel of Adam's family and Ham of Noah's family made mistakes. You must not walk that path again; you must judge those mistakes and establish the standards of faithful sons and daughters. Unless you accept all historical mistakes as your own and repent and restore them, you cannot inherit the internal feelings that have been passed down historically.

God has walked a path of labor that cannot be completed even with a lifetime of repentance.
Humans are wicked. 
When the subject and object are reversed, they are under the control of Satan. We must serve God as the subject and stand in a relative position. However, humans try to place themselves as the subject and treat God as the object. 
Those who have come in and betrayed must not be neglected by those who come later. 
To become a member of the Unification Church, one must inherit God's and the Teacher's internal wishes. 
Parents should treat their sons and daughters as God treated and loved Adam and Eve. 
In what form and position will I meet God? Without inheriting this internal wish, tradition cannot be passed down. 
To meet God, one must know the historical path God has walked, understand the current circumstances, and know the standards of hope for the future. Otherwise, one cannot meet God. 
Establishing a family is not for personal well-being but to fight with a double cross. Therefore, tribes scatter to save their nations, and nations scatter again to seek other nations or the world. Blessed couples do not live well just for themselves. They must go. Even if they die, they must go while on the way, and even if they part, they must part while on the way. 
They must be absolutely intertwined with God at the center. 
The relationship between a parent and child cannot be broken by anything. Not even by an atomic bomb. It is a relationship that cannot be broken, separated, or discarded. 
Are all members of the Unification Church ready to welcome God? If I am not ready to be able to do so, I must become someone who can live and die by the command of the central figure. Families must stand in a position where they can live and die by the representative's command, and tribes must also stand in a position where they can live and die by the representative's command. Hearts and lives must be aligned with that standard and seek points of agreement. 
If the representative walks the path aligned with God's internal wishes, the whole will respond accordingly. 
In the future, if you are a member of the Unification Church, you must obey the Teacher's commands absolutely. If you cannot do that, you have no relationship with the Teacher. If you obey absolutely, you can receive the same benefits. 
To do so, you must have a communal sense of living together. 
All interests must be centered on the church. You must feel the same shock and pain. You may not qualify, but you receive the benefit of meeting God through the representative. 
There is no reasonable path for the condition of indemnity. There is no path that I can like. I must walk the path that the will can like. 
I have become this shape and form. Do not say that. Such recognition becomes anger. The question is whether this was a path that could be recognized and guaranteed historically. A life that has walked a smooth path without hardship and trials has a more profound and broader taste than a life that has gone through complex trials. 
The Teacher does not seek to establish a foundation. 
When have I ever had a moment where I could joyfully and confidently stand before God as a true parent? Have I ever had a time when I was flustered for God's work? God has walked many flustered steps. 
One must live like a mad person, muttering alone. 
The heart that a couple has when they give birth to an only son and die is God's heart beyond that. 
One must understand God's internal wishes, who loves the children of enemies more than his own. 
One must not feel a sense of face and prestige, nor should there be room to feel hunger or fullness. 
We must know God's internal wishes. 
One must be more concerned about the movement of the will than about one's own child being sick. If that is not the case, then at least obey absolutely. 
If you do not know what the Teacher is doing, you must live in such a way that you cannot sleep at night and must run to ask, even in the middle of the night. Thus, it is said that you are saved through the Teacher. The Teacher always lives like that concerning God. Not even a moment can be relaxed. Even when holding a baby or resting, that heart cannot be left behind. That is why everyone wants to live in Korea. To know the Teacher's news quickly. It is an honor to live by selling everything one has and just touching the land of the Republic of Korea. 
After striking my body, I must walk the path of indemnity that can comfort God. 
Let us establish a tradition. 
<Summary of the Words> Establish the tradition of the family. If one of the couple stands before God first, follow that person as the center. 
Which family is a model family? If a family cannot fulfill its mission, the entire family is at stake. And the ancestors in the spirit world will not be able to cooperate. 
A family must establish the tradition of Jesus and the Holy Spirit as reality for the nation, state, and world to establish their traditions. 
One must not be sad if one of the couple who stood in the will dies first. 
In that family, since the husband is the subject, he must take responsibility for the family. 
When evangelizing in the local area, one must put in three times the effort that was put into the family members. 
The Teacher could not sit with his legs stretched out. Also, the Teacher has never shown flesh in the world of Satan. Even in prison, he hid a washcloth and washed his body before morning prayer. 
Let us establish three traditions. 
1. The tradition in the family 2. The tradition in the church 3. The tradition in society 
Especially in the family, let us not frown. 
October 3, 1968 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church. 
* This message was given during a family gathering after the early morning worship service, organized from notes taken by former Association President Yoo Hyo-won. The title was added by the editor. 
7)
God's Inner World 
You think of God as good, holy, high, wide, great, and boundless. However, that is a good interpretation of God. 
The God who is responsible for the fallen world and is restoring it is not a God who resides only in high, precious, holy, and clean places. He has a miserable, painful, and horrific background that humans cannot even imagine or describe. 
However, no matter how difficult and painful it is, God has never appealed to anyone about that laborious situation throughout the historical process up to today. God has infinitely endured that difficult and sorrowful work. No one on this earth knows this fact today. 
In this way, God stands in a position opposite to what humans think, as a wide and great God. And in terms of endurance, no one has endured more than God, and no one has suffered as much as God has throughout history. 
Even with the inner suffering that humans cannot even guess, God does not show it before humans. 
We must understand that God is one who bears that difficult burden and groans without showing it, overcoming it, and not giving up on what He has planned, crossing over that hill and bringing forth a new providence of restoration. When we see this fact, we must recognize that there is a sorrowful underside to God that humans cannot possibly measure. 
The pain and sorrow of God reflected in the inner principles known by the Unification Church today is merely a very small part. 
We cannot even speak of suffering, labor, or difficulties while carrying such a God. 
If you ask me to talk about my suffering, I can share the stories of my hardships until now. However, as the chairman mentioned earlier, even those who have gone to the spirit world do not know, and there is a difficulty in speaking about the inner world that no one has discovered until now. However, such suffering is temporary. 
That suffering ends once it is done. When a problem is resolved, that matter is also finished. Therefore, that suffering is one that can see results in one's lifetime. However, God has been laboring for 6,000 years until now, but He has not been able to resolve it. 
No matter how much the Unification Church offers indemnity and restoration, the fundamental state of the heart that was shocked internally cannot be restored. That must be done by God Himself. 
Even if we, as children, try to comfort Him, we cannot provide solace. It must be done by God Himself. 
In other words, parents should be comforted by the words of their children, but that does not fundamentally comfort the parent's true heart. It is merely a condition for receiving comfort. Similarly, we must understand that God has been in such a position until now. Therefore, when we think of this, we cannot speak of suffering or difficulties. 
Before we suffer, God suffers greater suffering, and before we experience sorrow, God experiences greater sorrow, and we must understand how difficult the position of God is, who has the responsibility to save this sorrowful world today. 
We must recognize that God is in a more difficult position than the good meaning of God we think of. If we stand in a position to understand that deep inner world, then nothing is a problem. 
No matter how difficult one may claim to be, one cannot present that difficulty to God under any condition. If one thinks that God is in a position to present such conditions before us, we ourselves cannot endure it. 
When we think of the tremendous God who prepares our way before us and is concerned for us, we are carrying a double debt. Acknowledging that we must fulfill a double responsibility to settle this debt, I ask that you make this a motivation to overcome any difficulties on the path ahead. 
8)
The Responsibility of Blessed Families 
<Summary of the Words> Blessed families must feel the mission of influencing the whole. A family consists of a couple and children. It must not become a habitual family. The family is the point where the expectations of the son-in-law can be fulfilled. Here, the unity of the couple is required. They must align with the original standard that God desires. 
Heaven is established from the family. 
Blessed families are not made by themselves. They have a historical significance from God and centered on the Teacher. It is not achieved by themselves but is done externally. There was God's desire in this. 
The blessed family originated from the Teacher. Jesus also came for this purpose. 
God wishes for families that exceed the standards of families known to Him. 
The center of history is people. There are men and women among people. The relationship of the family that betrayed, that is, to restore one man and one woman. This is the original standard. 
God's original purpose in sending Jesus was here. Neither a man alone nor a woman alone can achieve completion. A family is essential. 
October 20, 1968 (Sunday), at 5:30 AM, at the former headquarters church. 
* This message was given during Sunday worship and is organized from notes taken by the chairman of the Association's History Compilation Committee, Yoo Kwang-ryeol. The title was added by the editor. 
As long as the family does not align with the original law, the hopes of the tribe cannot be fulfilled. 
How difficult is the blessing? The process is simple, but the content of the historical background is incredibly difficult. One cannot bypass this historical process. 
When he smiles, the entire universe can smile; this is the standard of blessing. 
We must correct our shortcomings and fulfill the loyalty of the couple that God desires. 
There is a lack of understanding regarding families. Men and women were born to represent heaven and earth. 
Everything is sworn around the blessing. Those who violate this oath cannot be accepted as existing on this earth. 
Heaven is established around the family. Family members must not forget the pride they must uphold. 
The position of Adam and Eve is one that can influence the universe, not one that is influenced. 
It must not be a habitual and secular family. One must not think, "It is like this now, but it will be fine in the future." It must already be perfect. The present is the issue. The past and present must be perfect for the future to be perfect. 
Not having such a day in the Garden of Eden is the evidence of the fall. A place where the past, present, and future can align is the ideal place. 
One must be able to dedicate the present. What God desires is whether it can become an eternal foundation on this earth. This is the historical synthesis point. 
One must realize the standard of the family. The man is the subject. The subject must stand in a subjective position, not in a relative position. He must stand at the center. This center must not be misaligned. One must maintain the center that can protect the position. This is the position instead of God. 
Motivation and cause start from the subject. Joy and happiness arise from the subject. If the family is in discord and unhappiness, the man must take responsibility. The responsibility for the fall must first be taken by God, second by Jesus, and third by the Holy Spirit. 
If one cannot establish that standard from the present position, one cannot stand forever. Even if it is achieved in the future, the days of that process will accuse. 
Heaven is established from the family. The rise and fall of our Unification Church can be influenced by the family. Even if a woman makes a mistake, the man takes responsibility. 
One must establish a mental standard and a living standard that does not deviate. Even when living apart, one must not be internally divided. 
Such Sunday worship time is solemn and precious. The Sabbath is a day to give glory before God. 
The Era of Salvation Centered on the Family 
One must overcome the resentment of the fall. One must receive the blessing and must not remain in that resentment. Ordinary families and our family are fundamentally different. 
Living for oneself is not for the family but must be for heaven and earth. The family must always win from a realistic standpoint and must never be subject to Satan's accusations. How many families can be like that? One must strive every day. 
To become a global nation, one must inherit the tradition. To become a nation that can lead the world, there must be such a traditional thought. 
Is there a tradition that can influence history and the world? It must not be absent. 
Just achieving individual perfection does not lead to global salvation. Jesus also came and died on the cross, but individual salvation could not be achieved, so He became the Triune God centered on God. Love must have a relative standard to be realized. 
If our Unification Church has something to leave as a tradition in world history, it is the standard of families that can align with heaven and earth. 
What tradition does the Unification Church aim for? That standard is the family. The source of victory and motivation can be the family. Thus, the love of the established families until now will also be judged. This is the judgment of love and the great judgment. 
When two couples become the East and West, they dominate all directions. The larger the radius, the greater the influence. Women must boast of men, and men must boast of women. 
If about 800 blessed families do well, our Unification Church will automatically expand. We must become families that everyone envies. Those who say, "I don't care about the will or anything," will perish. Those who think, "I came to the Unification Church, so I was blessed; did I want to be blessed?" will perish. 
If the family succeeds, all the historical turning points of failure will be as if they have not failed. Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Moses will all be revived. 
Children among men will say, "Our father is the best," and among women...
My mother is the best. We must establish a tradition that acknowledges this until the day we die.  
After the dawn worship, let us partake in communion with even the smallest things. We must leave a practical origin for this tradition.  
The family is the fruition of the historical desires of oneself, the teacher, and God. This is a blessing.  
When thinking of the other person, consider in the following order:  
① A thorough thought centered on the purpose, a pioneering path  
② Health  
③ Beauty  
④ Knowledge  
Until now, evangelism has been done alone, but from now on, couples must create children of faith together.  
The new historical era is an age of salvation centered on the family. A true era of evangelism for two is coming. The wife must think about how to make her husband a great person.  
One must become a noble ancestor in purpose.  
The family does not stop at the family level; it requires a lineage. Responsibilities as ancestors must be fulfilled. Those who receive blessings and are not in public office have gone astray.  
The wife must elevate her husband. In other words, she must support him well. Become the one who fulfills the Word (in substantial, emotional, and practical ways). The family is where God’s love, centered on the Word, blossoms.  
We must embrace history, the universe, and shed tears, sweat, and blood.  
Unity begins with the couple becoming one. If there is a male Messiah, there must also be a female Messiah, so the Lord comes as a familial Messiah. Since the fall was caused by Adam and Eve, restoration must also be done by both. This is becoming a tribal Messiah.  
The personal path of the teacher and the family’s path will become the tradition of future history.  
Couples who stake their lives for their families must become indispensable couples in the Unification Church. The descendants of Lee Wan-yong cannot claim their ancestors anywhere.  
The family that God desires, the family that the church desires, the family that you desire—children born in such families will be well born.  
Parents may suffer greatly, but their children will be born according to the fortune of heaven and the fortune of the teacher.  
Think of the three eras:  
① The Era of Eden  
② The Era of the Fall  
③ The Era of Hope  
If you prioritize the purpose and transcend all personal matters, God will cooperate.  
You must not act according to the body’s desires. Even if you are tired, you must not take a nap at will. You must not eat whatever you want just because you are hungry.  
If there are just three people praying for you in the background, even enemies cannot harm that person.  
Going down is preparation for going up.  
A loyal subject must be able to make the people weep. A good king must be appreciated by the people of all generations.  
You must become a family that is worthy of God’s desires, the desires of your ancestors, and your own desires.  
If you do not know the principle and have no accomplishments for the purpose, it will be truly difficult in the future.  
In the future, having noble ancestors in purpose will be a pride for the descendants.  
To establish the authority of the family, you must establish the authority of the individual, and to establish the authority of the individual, you must elevate the consciousness of authority regarding the purpose.  
Do not be indebted. Make double the effort. The teacher lives with the hope that even though the reality is like this now, one day among those blessed, the last remaining person will remain as a global human resource and receive glory.  
Do not sleep when others sleep, do not play when others play, do not eat when others eat; you must work.  
There is no time to rest while running toward the final finish line.  
The precious youth period in life  
<Summary of the Word> The youth period is the most precious time in life. It is the time when one can make a resolution to set a purpose. Therefore, the youth period is a turning point in life. Thus, one must plan their life around the age of 18.  
This era is like a crossroads in life. It is important to clearly understand how to proceed at this crossroads. The most important thing is whether one can smoothly transition through childhood, adulthood, and old age. Those who can smoothly transition through childhood, adulthood, and old age are pioneers.  
In life, there are joys and happiness that only one can feel. You must know that you are walking the path of restoration. Therefore, you must pursue the path of restoration and explore the story of restoration. If you walk the path of restoration well, you can find a new path that connects the universe and yourself. Thus, you can turn the historical sorrow into new glory.  
Fallen humans must make their utmost effort to meet the crossroads of life. That crossroads is the path to settle each person’s sorrow and, furthermore, to settle the historical sorrow.  
The path we started must be connected directly to the destination.  
And the current speed must be faster than the speed at the start.  
On October 27, 1968 (Sunday) at 6 AM, at the former headquarters church.  
* This word was spoken at the 4th National Spiritual Students’ Assembly and has been compiled from notes taken by former association president Yoo Hwa-ryeol and the association's history compilation committee chairman Yoo Kwang-ryeol. The title was added by the editor.  
To walk this path well, one must think of life as a short moment. Then, a sense of urgency will arise. That mindset must not change. Those who arrive at the destination and achieve victory, as well as those who have started, have not existed until now. However, you must not be like that.  
Korea must establish the tradition of everything and become the center of that tradition.  
The teacher established a path of indemnity through the first seven-year course. Therefore, we have now reached a time when we can surpass a period on the earth.  
What matters is what country, tribe, or parents you are a child of. We have not had a world of hope, a nation, parents, or siblings until now. But now we have a world of hope, a nation, a tribe, a family, parents, and siblings.  
Completion (成) means the perfection beyond creation. In other words, it signifies the completion of the entire universe. The time to set the standard of completion is the age when the human ancestors fell, which is 17 or 18 years old. Therefore, God wishes for everything to be achieved centered around the 20s of sanctification. Those who can occupy the position of future completion are the youth.  
The teacher set the standard of desire and life goals during the youth period. The teacher has now passed through youth and adulthood and is entering old age. However, one sad thing is that the teacher could not call out to the Father during the youth period. It is sad that he could not call out to the Father during the time like Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden.  
For that reason, you are happier than anyone else.  
As one who has inherited God’s orthodoxy, you must go straight.  
The first seven-year course was a path for adults and youth. The second seven-year course is a path like that of Adam and Eve marching in the Garden of Eden. Therefore, you must move forward boldly.  
You must feel pity for students and teachers who do not understand the purpose. And you must think about how much effort God has put in to establish just one of you.  
What is not right must be subdued. To subdue force with something that is not force, one must make thousands of times the effort. You must establish the loyalty and integrity that can conquer any environment. And you must start with a pure heart and achieve your goals with unwavering steps.  
The principle is a traffic officer, and the goal of the principle is the life of the teacher. If you go toward the goal with all your heart, the traffic lights will appear. Each of you must make a historical start in your given environment. And you must sow and cultivate the seeds of truth.  
People in advanced Western countries find it difficult to feel restoration. However, we Koreans can feel restoration due to history and circumstances.  
Korea has started with everything prepared at once, so it can become the homeland of faith and the motherland. If you do not go straight from here, you cannot call yourself the youth of the homeland or the elder of the motherland.  
If I am lonely, I must make the surrounding students on my side. Then, I must be able to declare that I have conquered that school and I have won.  
Every time you look at your face in the mirror, you must ask yourself, “Are you walking the path you started before the purpose?”  
You must become those who do not tarnish the name of sanctification. When you can no longer do or endure anything by your own strength, only then can you say, “God, please help me.”  
You must become a self-reliant person.  
Become a true Adam and Eve with a sense of righteous indignation in the Unification Church. If you do so, it will become a church that is not ashamed to receive the blessings of the world.  
Even if all of you make a resolution together, the standards are different for each person. You must have the determination to listen to the questions of your nature and respond to the call of your nature to make a historical start. Thus, you must go steadily for 30 years without changing during that period. Those who strive like that will win. To do so, you must be single-minded, devoted, and unified in heart.  
The teacher holds on to one thing and does it with all his might.  
When the teacher was 16 years old, there were 13 family members, but only eight remained, and five family members died within a year. Such indemnity has been made throughout the historical process.  
Once you make a resolution, you must go until the day you die without changing. Those who do not have the determination to die cannot win. One cannot have the glory of victory if they fear death.  
If you do not take revenge on your enemies and instead pray for their blessings, something will remain there. Jesus’ resolution was made in a place of deep sorrow. That is the death of Jesus on the cross. Because Jesus prayed for blessings for his enemies even in that place, he was able to enjoy happiness with God. This is the way that is right yet successful. This is also the reason Christianity became a religion of martyrdom.  
Even in evil places, there must be something that can be endured. Even in a place of ruin, something must come out. Even from Satan, something must come out. If something comes out from here, you must have the determination to surely use it.  
Relative positions can fluctuate, but the central position cannot change or fluctuate. For example, the trunk of a tree is like that.  
Like fertilizer, everything has a good meaning in an indirect sense.  
The teacher wants to make everyone a sacrifice and offer them before God.  
After liberation, the teacher could not relax for even a minute. This was because he had to block the darkness of Satan from coming in. However, today, it has become possible for the purpose to be fulfilled even without the teacher praying.  
You must not be dragged by the environment but must lead the environment. Since you have started, go vigorously until the end.  
Ability only reflects one side, but sincerity is central, so it can reflect all sides.  
To place oneself in the highest position, one must be rooted in the lowest position. How wonderful and happy will it be to see you all breaking through the crossroads of life and running straight down the path?  
Establish the tradition of the family  
<Summary of the Word> When couples attend worship, they must come out warmly so that their children will want to follow them with envy. The fruits of the prayers of the saints must be borne in the family. The cultural level of a nation can be seen through family life.  
To become exemplary couples, at least one of the two must stand right. And when seeing a representative exemplary family, we must reflect on what score our family would receive.  
Blessed families are the targets of hope for everyone. However, if they do not fulfill their assigned responsibilities, they will become families of despair.  
Wives must take responsibility for solving economic issues within the family.  
Current blessed families are important because they are the ancestors of tradition. A messianic family must be established before the tribe for the tradition to be established.  
One must not wish for their sons and daughters to do well while failing to observe dawn worship, sincerity, and worship time. Therefore, centered on the teacher, one must fulfill the expectations of the son-in-law. And to establish descendants here, parents must do well.  
If one does not think, they cannot form relationships, and if relationships are not formed, they cannot establish connections.  
Parents must not give the impression that they are fighting in front of their children.  
On November 3, 1968 (Sunday), at the former headquarters church.  
* This word was spoken during a gathering of blessed families and has been compiled from what was published in the first issue of the <Newsletter> (dated November 15, 1968) and notes taken by the chairman of the association's history compilation committee, Yoo Kwang-ryeol.  
Couples must not engage in trivial fights saying, “You do not love me. You do not understand me.” Even if you fight, it must be for the purpose.  
The first seven-year course was a period for establishing individual traditions, and the second seven-year course is a period for establishing family traditions. If family traditions are not established, national traditions cannot be established, and if national traditions are not established, a nation cannot be formed.  
Blessed families must create family laws. And they must establish educational standards for their children and norms for the family. If parents have made mistakes and are questioned by their children, they will have nothing to say.  
Before loving oneself, one must love their country, the world, and God. The wife must be able to respect her husband by saying, “Our husband loves the country, the world, and God more.”  
In the family, the man must take responsibility for the trivial matters that arise. In other words, the man must maintain the central authority of the family.  
Blessed families, before you die and before you have children, you must establish family traditions. This means you should not wait until after having children to put in effort; you must put in effort even before giving birth. Children must be able to say that our parents are better than any other parents in some aspects. The more lacking they are in external aspects, the more unique authority they must have in some aspects.  
Children must be able to say that there are no parents in the world other than our parents.  
People from around the world will come to Korea to visit exemplary families. At that time, there must be something to show and something to say. Moreover, established families must change significantly from before.  
Children know whether their parents are good or bad. If you consistently push forward with an attitude of moving for the purpose, there will come a day when the environment will recognize you.  
Even if couples die, they must leave behind a legacy. What is the purpose of that family? Even if it exists for their children, it must first exist for God and the nation. Ultimately, that is the way to benefit their children. Only then can the children align with the fortune of God, the fortune of the world, and the fortune of the nation. Therefore, even if the precious children born from blessings suffer, do not align them with their own pace but align them with the fortunes of God, the world, and the nation.  
The fastest way to establish family traditions is to do so while the teacher is alive. Originally, one should bathe and cleanse every morning and walk ten miles to worship the teacher. If this tradition is not established, one’s descendants will perish.  
Sunday is a day to save and plan the week, providing content that can make our family happy. Also, Sunday is a day to gather and share prepared food and for each family to boast about their husband or wife.  
When going out to evangelize, one must put in three times more effort than the sincerity shown to the teacher. The more difficult it is, the better one must do. Established families must put in even more effort for their newly born children.  
Everyone looks up to the senior families as if they were heaven. Therefore, there must be something different from them, which is that the heart flowing in their marrow must be different. The couples of blessed families must become objects of admiration for others. How happy must a wife with such a husband be, or a husband with such a wife? They must be able to admire that.  
We must restore the family. There is no greater evangelism than this. Couples must rise early in the morning, hold their children’s hands, and pray with tears. Through this, when the father or mother is not around, the children must be able to wait for and miss their parents and sing.  
If one side of the couple leans, they must supplement it with heart and sincerity.  
From December 20, mobilize nationwide. The teacher did everything alone, but you have warm subjects to empathize with.
We must evangelize. If we go to the other world without evangelizing, we will hold onto each other as couples and weep bitterly. Thinking about that makes it impossible to sleep well at night. Blessed families should set an example by attending Sunday or public gatherings. Blessed families must evangelize on Sundays. They should arrive at the church before 10 AM on Sunday to prepare. No matter where you are or what you do, you must remember the worship time. And material offerings must go through the teacher's name. Do not live with an unpleasant face, whether day or night; get up with a smile, work with a smile, and go to bed with a smile. Do not take naps at your convenience. At the headquarters, one must never raise their voice. This place is where the true parents' connection was established, and something unprecedented in history has occurred in this house (headquarters church). The day we can worship here is not far off. In the generation of the teacher's son, the blessing ceremony must be held in a place that is unparalleled in the world. We must love the teacher's children more than our own. And the desire to embrace the teacher's children should be a thousand times more earnest than that for our own. Furthermore, blessed families must establish the tradition of absolute obedience to the teacher's commands. Establish the tradition of the family.

<Main Message> God has always needed one person, that one person who represents heaven and the era. No matter how much we hope for great people, we must not overlook the value of the one person who appears in reality. If we recognize the worth of one person in reality, we can achieve the past and the future. We are running toward one purpose. Without representing the past and the future, it is useless to run toward the goal. Even if we reach the destination, it will not be acceptable. Inheritance cannot occur in a place where one is commanded to go. You started as an irreplaceable one person. In the past, you came from a place of persecution where you could not look back and could not foresee the future. If God is absent from the positions of the past and present, no matter how far you walk, it is worthless. You must have a realistic self with subjectivity. You must become a realistic church that has a relationship with the historical God. The individual truth body is like the focus of cosmic reality. Most saints have walked a miserable path. To lead the whole, they could not avoid a miserable path. The will advances. Can you stand here as an individual representing eternity? If you do not advance, you will lose the determined standard. When thinking of the will, it feels long, but it is not. The difference between the living and the dead is whether they feel the past, today, and the future as today. In other words, it is whether they are connected to the past and future in reality. No matter how strong and brave the past was, if the present is nothing, the past becomes a condition for Satan's accusation. It is determined by reality. Reality must be greater than the past and the future. 

You cannot just fit in. There will come a time when they will all disappear. To say you lived means you have passed through the critical point where you could say you died. No matter how tired you are, you cannot collapse in a position of important responsibility. A person who practices with a significant belief in reality becomes the protagonist of the future. The one you are looking for is not a person from the past but one person in reality. You must not move at your own will. You must always be cautious. The final position must always be one I must surpass. God transcends the past, present, and future, so without hosting God, everything is impossible. 

A person must have ambition. Even when working, you must have the ambition to do more today than yesterday, more tomorrow than today, and more the day after tomorrow than tomorrow. Only then can you develop.

<Our Connection> <Prayer> Today, we know it is the day for all people to gather their hearts before the Father and praise the infinite love, dignity, and glory of the Father. We understand that the time of the wish that the Father sought to realize centered on the ideal of creation has not yet appeared on this earth. Although the joy of the Father was great when He created all things and humans, no one has yet understood or experienced the Father's heart, which longs for a good family formed with eternal life and eternal love centered around humanity. We must sincerely realize that it is regrettable, angry, and resentful that the human ancestors could not welcome the Father and could not embrace His will. 

Father, this morning we have bowed down before You. The Father, who has worked so hard to find His children through the historical process, is greatly saddened, and we must experience this with our hearts and bodies. Truly, our hearts and bodies must unite to fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety before the Father, who has taken on the historical process alone, and be able to call Him Father and the good Lord. When we critically reflect on whether there was ever a time when our own joy could be remembered forever in Your heart, we cannot help but lament our inability to do so. 

The place where the Father wants to meet us and share stories is not the environment we have lived in until now, but the world of the Father's heart at a higher dimension. We must realize that this world is not centered on the tangled stories of the fall, but rather on transcending all stories and longing for that one hour where we can feel and act centered on the true original connection. Please allow us to truly understand this. May we not just say we feel it with words, but may we be allowed to stand in a position where we can experience it with our hearts, Father, we earnestly wish and desire this. 

We cannot help but praise the Father’s greatness as we lift our faces, and when we encounter the Father’s gracious gifts, we cannot do so without tears. Please guide us not to forget the high and precious love of the Father. May we be Your children who can feel that the blood flows in our veins because the Father is alive, that we can feel the Father’s breath in the sound of our breathing, and that we can feel the infinite touch of the Father’s merciful hand in the sensation of our skin. 

Father! Help us realize how sad we are for not having even one hour to be immersed in Your deep and high merciful heart and receive Your comfort, with a heart like that of a pure child. We are walking the path of restoration that must look back on history while carrying the grief of the fall. 

Right now, there are pitiful people living on this earth who are wounded. They live at a great distance from the Father, unable to establish a relationship with Him. When we think that we must lead ourselves back to the world of original nature from the tangled environment and circumstances where such people live, and that we must receive recognition there and bring about a new beginning on this earth, we once again feel how far we are from the Father. We realize that we must be reconnected with the eternal sons and daughters in the deep inner heart of the Father and restart under new commands and promises from there. Although the Father calls us to come, how often do we become pitiful beings who cannot go because we still have a path left to walk in a humble position? We earnestly wish and desire to be children who clearly understand this. 

As we think about this place where we live today in relation to the Father, let us become Your sons and daughters who struggle more as we feel that this is not the place we should originally be. We know that the Father cannot be present in such a place. Until now, the Father, who has borne the sorrowful history, has been wounded, rejected, and abandoned by countless people. We worry that if the Father comes to this place, He may suffer sorrow again because of us, so let us be Your sons and daughters who can cry out that we will walk the path we must walk, so please wait for us. 

Even if we become exhausted from practicing filial piety and collapse from practicing loyalty, we earnestly wish and desire to be Your children who can struggle so that the Father’s high and precious will may remain forever. 

Even if we correct our scattered hearts and bodies and walk the path of devotion, we earnestly wish and desire to realize that we are still far from reaching the original Father. We have often called out to the Father from a distant place and placed the content of indemnity that cannot establish a relationship with the Father before us. Therefore, before calling the Father, we must clear the indemnity course given to each of us. We must navigate the path of the cross we bear, and we must clearly understand that we must be diligent in the battles we must fight, Father, we earnestly wish and desire this. 

Please remember Your children gathered this morning and allow us to emulate the high and precious name and holiness of the Father. We earnestly wish and desire to be children who can feel the love hidden within the holy will of the Father. 

Please remember the many children scattered throughout the country, and if there are those who kneel and bow their heads before the Father at this time, calling out to the Father, please embrace them with love. If there are those who cry out with earnest stories, wanting to be loyal and filial children of heaven, please do not pass by that place. Father, please stop by that place and comfort them with Your deep and high merciful heart. 

Father! At this time, help us realize how precious the responsibility entrusted to us is, and allow us to understand that the time of heaven does not always remain with us. The relationships with people and the material conditions on this earth may last long with our lives, but let us understand that the content of heaven's will and providence can never be with us. We must realize that if we miss one moment, we will inevitably be pitiful humans who must lament forever. May we be Your children who fulfill the duty of loyalty and filial piety and do not neglect the work of preparation to meet that moment. 

At this time, we earnestly wish and desire for blessings upon those who are gathered here, longing for the Father with all their hearts, and we also earnestly wish and desire for Your comfort and guidance to be with those who are looking forward to the day they can meet centered on Your will throughout the world. We must clearly understand that the responsibility and mission to win in the final battleground are placed upon our shoulders, and we must head straight toward the will of the Father. May we become sons and daughters who stand at the forefront, defeating enemies and bringing joy to the Father. 

May You personally be with every place where people gather in the name of the Father today, and may we become Your children who can shine the flame of life and fulfill the mission of a lighthouse in the dark world, knowing how many paths of blood have been walked until the Unification Church could emerge. May they experience the path of tears, the path of sorrow, and the path of injustice and resentment, and as we bear the difficult pains that are hard to endure, may we be Your children who can inherit this path, which the Father has endured for the sake of the nation and the world, and fulfill our responsibilities. 

We will run toward the day when we can embrace countless people in the Father’s arms, so please grant us strength. Many spirits in the spirit world are looking forward to the day of reconciliation through us, so please be with us. 

May we take all of the present as a point of glory before the will of the Father and forever return praise, dignity, and glory to the Father, and may we be Your children who fulfill the true duty of filial piety. We earnestly ask this and offer all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen. 

<Words> There are countless people living on this earth. The majority of those countless people think centered on themselves. However, can all the hopes centered on oneself be fulfilled? The answer is no. 

For any being to exist, there must be a motive. Similarly, the existence of a nation also requires a motive, and we must understand that it stands in a position of results before that motive. Moreover, considering the historical process of 6,000 years that has passed since the fall of humanity, there is a historical connection behind the existence of each individual. Such connections are also tangled in the Republic of Korea and the world. Therefore, the path of life is to go toward one purpose centered on the connections of the past and present. 

While walking this path of life, the majority of people think and act centered on themselves. However, in our fallen lives today, can everything be handled centered on oneself, and can all conditions for happiness be resolved centered on oneself? The answer is no. To find a new solution to the problems within ourselves, we must resolve the tangled stories of history, and unless we completely resolve them centered on the stories of the times, we cannot stand in the place that history desires or the place that the era desires. Thus, if I, who am in this decisive position, cannot completely resolve the positions of the past and present, I cannot escape the connections of history, nor can I make a new start centered on the connections of the times. 

From this perspective, we can see that history has come out toward one hope, in other words, toward a certain purpose. This era is also moving toward a world of hope. However, if there is a difference between the hope desired in the past and the hope desired in the present, we cannot make a new start toward happiness in our lives. Therefore, the issue is how I can resolve the starting point of the purpose desired in the past and present. 

The current generation has lost its motive and purpose. When we look at history, what motive did humanity have when it started? Did it start with a motive that could achieve its purpose? The answer is no. Because humanity fell, it lost the motive to achieve its purpose. Although humanity has come this far toward that purpose, the history of humanity has not followed a normal path toward that purpose. When we think about the twists and turns of history, we realize that we did not know what twists and turns led to such circumstances. We lost our motive and direction and were wandering along the path of a drifting life.
Therefore, the goals that each country desires today have all changed. The objectives pursued from the perspective of Country A differ from those pursued from the perspective of Country B. Additionally, the standards for the goals desired by individuals are far removed from those desired by the state. Because of this, it is only natural to think that I, who have been in such a position in the past and present, am not in a normal position to pursue a single goal. If that is the case, then I have lost the motivation to pursue a single goal, and as a person who has lost the direction toward that goal, what should I do in the present? What is the motivation that can see the starting point of the goal and what is the motivation that can establish the direction of the goal? Without completely determining the content and direction of that motivation, it is impossible to receive a global evaluation centered around the present moment. Therefore, if there is a historical starting motivation, it must be confirmed that the direction in which that motivation can start is the content pursued today centered around me. If one does not have this historical motivation and cannot stand in a position to align this direction, then no matter how much success we achieve on this earth, no matter how prosperous and developed that country becomes, and no matter how much glory and happiness it attains to boast of in the world, all of it will eventually flow away. If it flows away, it must be clearly understood that it has no relation to historical connections.

The most important connection for fallen humanity—The connection of motivation
Then, when we look at our connections centered around this, where should the pivotal point of that connection be, how should the direction of the connection go, and what should the purpose that can be achieved through that connection be? This is extremely important in the path of life. Therefore, we must clearly understand what this motivation is, how the direction should go, and where the purpose will ultimately lead. When we know this and enter that path, at last, a view centered around this connection will emerge, which is global and comprehensive, and standing at the point where such motivation, direction, and purpose can align, the global connection of today must relate to me. Without standing in this determined position, no matter what happiness comes to the world, that happiness cannot unite with me. Even if someone comes whom everyone on this earth praises, you must understand that you cannot connect with that person.

In our fallen lives, what is the most important connection? The path of connection toward finding a purpose is important, and having a direction in the present to live day by day is also important, but what is more important is the connection that can become the motivation. So what is that central motivation, and what is the connection of motivation? A person who cannot solve this will, no matter how much they struggle or try, end up with a different direction, and because the direction is different, the point of that purpose will also appear in a different result. In other words, even if one has fulfilled their desires and wishes throughout their life, that is not a place where one can achieve their original desires and original purpose. Rather, they will inevitably find themselves in a sorrowful position where they can only regret and lament the past until today. Therefore, the most important connection among our connections is the connection of motivation.

Humanity that has lost God's will, desire, and purpose
Today, every one of the 3 billion people living in the world has been born with a fallen connection. What kind of connection is that? It is a connection that seeks to escape. It is not a connection that seeks unity and harmony, but a destructive connection that seeks division. It is not a connection that can possess everything, but a connection that leads to loss. Therefore, just as we know through principles, we fallen beings have lost God's will, God's desire, and God's purpose. 

So what are God's will, desire, and purpose? It is us today. God's will, desire, and purpose were not to establish some other world or nation but to establish the original Adam and Eve. In other words, it is about Adam and Eve themselves. When that Adam and Eve become one with the Father's connection, true people are born, true families are formed, and true nations and worlds are created.

Then, what should we be born centered around, what should we go toward, and what should we take as our purpose? This cannot be done without God. Without God, it becomes a connection without motivation. A person without motivation cannot achieve any task, and their results cannot be recognized for their value. When constructing a building, it is built according to the blueprint designed by the architect. A building constructed without the original design cannot become the building intended by the architect.

The same goes for us humans. We must understand how our original connections are structured. Today, our hearts must return to God. We must seek the homeland of goodness. We must seek the nation of goodness, admire the lineage of goodness, and yearn for the universe of goodness and the world of goodness. Then where will we find that world we yearn for? That world does not remain with individuals; we must meet the most fundamental God.

When viewed centered around God, God must also have a body and a heart. If God has a heart and body, there must be a realm of life of God. If the relationship between parents and children starts from God's realm of life, there will necessarily be a social structure, and based on that social structure, the forms of lineage or nation will emerge. Then, based on God's overall purpose, the direction of the purpose of a nation or the purpose of a world will be established. When looking at this issue, the initial point is not within yourselves but with God.

Determining the motivation and purpose of life centered around God
Therefore, what is the most important thing for fallen humanity today? It is to know God. We must understand how much God has struggled throughout history, what direction He is coming from, and what purpose He is trying to achieve. 

If we do not clearly understand this today, no matter how hard we work, it will be in vain. There are active members here today, but even if they try hard, if they are in a position without motivation, their angles will be misaligned. Ideals and purposes, in other words, motivation and purpose, must establish a relationship through a direct process to yield good results. If the results are misaligned, motivation cannot be unified, and if motivation is misaligned, purpose cannot be unified. This occurs on a direct line between each other. 

You must recognize that there is a direct line your heart wants to go, a direct line your body wants to go, and a direct line your life wants to go. Likewise, God must have responsibilities for where His heart should go, where His body should go, and the direct line through which God, composed of body and heart, goes to the world through His life. No matter how different the circumstances may be, the destination must be aligned to a focal point that can connect to the global purpose; without going through that process, the overall purpose cannot be achieved. Therefore, today we must start centered around this original connection.

In your daily life, examine your own heart. If there is any discord in your heart during your daily life, think about why that is. You must reflect daily on whether you have a living connection with God, whether you possess the hopes that God has, and whether you are living toward the place God desires. We act with some purpose. That action will be determined to be either heavenly or earthly. Even at this moment, there is a maximum amount of oxygen required for our bodies to breathe. Depending on whether we fully absorb that amount or absorb less, the longer we stay in that environment, the healthier or worse our bodies will become. This is a natural phenomenon and a natural law.

From this perspective, when we look at the life of our individual selves, the directions of heart, body, and life must always be aligned. To go that way, the directions of heart, body, and life must align with God. But are you today in such a position? To possess this, we must move forward, but today humanity has been in a wrong position, chasing after money and fame.

Originally, humans were created to enter into God's heart, body, and realm of life. The path that God cannot help but take has already been established. However, because humanity has fallen, we are standing in a position unrelated to the original path we should take, and we must inevitably return to that position. This is the current position of humanity.

Then, what is the greatest flaw of fallen humanity? It is the act of prioritizing the ideology centered around the fallen evil dominion. Therefore, we must transcend the human connections centered around our parents who gave us birth, our relatives, and the bloodlines of the world. We must also transcend all environments and connections that have been formed. Only then can we assert ourselves as beings who can freely operate our bodies as originally designed, and we cannot enter into the vast world of motivation, direction, and purpose that God is pursuing. If we cannot assert that we are capable of freely controlling everything that exists in the present, we cannot align with the direction God is pursuing.

The path of religion—The way to reclaim true connections
Will you continue to live while bearing the fallen connections of the world centered around yourself? Living like that, we cannot walk the path of motivation that God is pursuing, nor the path of purpose that God is pursuing. 

Even though we are living like this today, God is not with us, our hearts always feel sorrow, and the reason I become increasingly lonely internally is that I have forgotten the connections I should have with God and only engage with the realistic connections. Therefore, unless we cultivate a time that can break through in the historical process, we cannot find true connections.

To cultivate that foundation, we must deny everything. The path of religion starts from self-denial. In this way, the brothers, families, lineages, and nations that are found will become the ideal nations, lineages, families, and individuals that history has sought. If these become the realities that history has longed for, then they will automatically stand in a central position in this era.

It is not that this world is evil and that God's will is not being fulfilled. It is not that this evil world always betrays God, which prevents His will from being fulfilled. It is because there has been no individual, family, lineage, or nation that can determine the central position that history desires, which is why the will has not been fulfilled. 

Thus, the numerous religious organizations that have emerged to walk the path of the history of Israel, which has repeated the rocky path of stumbling until now, have come forth. Therefore, if we can unite these religious organizations and form a nation, we can fulfill God's will. For this reason, the world must take on such a form. It must engage in mutual action to settle into a world of one ideology and purpose. The world must become one, and it cannot be managed with individualistic or nationalist desires. Therefore, we must engage in a continuous struggle to establish an ideology and protect the world. The global humanity must yearn for and seek the same glory from the same standpoint, with the same purpose and the same values, so that the world can finally take on a unified form. That is precisely the purpose point of the connections centered around God.

In this light, where did you start? You started by entering the Unification Church. The Unification Church is the place that has started from the long history of 6,000 years. Countless people and nations have worked hard around a single point until now. Some people have met and then separated within the will, and some nations have met here and then passed by. However, there is a single point where any person or nation must meet again. That is the day of the Second Coming of the Messiah centered around Christianity. That day is the day of the wishes of the entire nation, the day of the wishes of many religions, and the day of the wishes of many individuals.

However, the question is how to meet at that place. Will you just take your own direction when the time comes? No. To meet this, you must follow that main current. If you cannot join there, you will perish. Observing the long historical process, nations that have shared historical connections have prospered. Even if they have perished, they have been able to rise again because they have followed the flow of providence. By correctly grasping the direction of providence, they are able to create a path to manage the fallen world. Thus, as you follow this path, it may seem that providence is trampled and perishes, but that is not the case.

Looking at the history of the nation of Israel, when they could not be loyal before God, they declined, but when they aligned with the path indicated by God, they prospered again. In this light, no matter how excellent a nation may be, it cannot develop without a direction aligned with providence. Therefore, Christianity has sought to align itself with such a position and has tried to establish a new foundation of history. When looking at this connection, the connection centered around Jesus is not a casual connection but a historical connection. It is also aligned with the practical direction of life in this era. Without this, we cannot save this world.

To inherit the achievements of our ancestors
So, what path has the Unification Church itself walked? The Unification Church has come through the paths of countless individuals, families, lineages, nations, and states. Before the providential start of the Unification Church appeared, God has been leading history while looking forward to the day the Unification Church would appear. Because of this historical connection, the people who have entered the Unification Church did not come in because they were good at that time. They have come in through the inheritance of historical connections from their ancestors. Countless ancestors have had to follow the direction of history, going up when God goes up and going down when God goes down. Just as a loyal subject must fulfill their duty of loyalty even when the nation is prospering, they must also fulfill their duty of loyalty even when it is in decline. If one changes according to the times, they cannot be a loyal subject or a filial child. Loyalty and filial piety must remain constant.
The principle of connection cannot be established without going through an unchanging process.  
104   Our Connection  
From this perspective, the fact that you are connected to the Unification Church today is not based on a few years or months in your life. This place is a historical place, a place of hope. It is a place where you can go through a historical connection that can become a turning point in your life. Then, how can you connect to a historical connection when you have not seen that history or had that connection in your lifetime? And how can you connect to the Unification Church with that historical connection? It is because, whether small or large, the direction of your heart has tried to align with the direction of your ancestors' hearts, in accordance with the flow of the times. In other words, depending on how closely you have tried to align, you can come closer to the Unification Church.  
From that perspective, the point you are in today is not determined by a specific individual, such as Kim so-and-so. It has come about through historical connections. Today, I may be wrong and things may have turned out as they have, but because there was a foundation of merit that could align with the purpose that countless ancestors dedicated themselves to throughout history, you have been established today through that merit of connection. So, as someone in this position, can you shine the light of that historical connection in your life today? You may not even know that. If we say that history moves through that, if we do not do it, who will?  
When looking at the Unification Church members, not everyone following the Unification Church is the same. To manage many countries in the future, we must have a variety of forms. There will be people who run businesses and others who work in factories. Each person's starting point is diverse. If you have historical ancestors who were loyal in fields that correspond to such differences, you must inherit that connection and diligently follow the path to achieve the purpose of history. In doing so, the Unification Church will enter the realm of heavenly fortune and spread out.  
You must inherit this historical connection and establish a new foundation. In other words, you must inherit the foundation that your ancestors have worked hard for until now. Therefore, when looking at you as individuals in the present reality, those individuals are not limited to being twelve or twenty years old. They are also not individuals that have been established by setting limits within any era. They are individuals that have been established through history.  
That is why the place I am passing through now is a precious focal point where I can shine throughout my life and achieve historical purposes. So, if you do well, you can achieve your purpose, but if you do poorly, you must know that you can completely lose this.  
Until now, you have come out to go through the restoration process within such connections, and your ancestors have also worked hard to come out. Now, the time has come for you to connect. The time to connect has come, but you must correct that direction in front of you; how tragic it would be to try to connect by following others and then find that the standards do not match! Also, how eagerly and anxiously do the ancestors in the spiritual world, who have worked hard for you to come this far, look upon you?  
The Mission of Those Standing Before the Call of History  
You, who are standing before this historical call and mission, should not live like ordinary people flowing by. My individual has come through thousands of years of history, and now is the time to meet God. Here, the historical desire has been to become completely one and remain in this path, fighting and leading it. Knowing that you are standing in a position that can connect to that focal point, you must think about how much you have troubled your parents from that position. If you make a mistake, everything becomes miserable.  
When you see a marathon runner participating in the Olympic Games, that athlete runs toward the finish line, betting the prestige of their nation to come in first. For that moment of crossing the finish line to appear, the fruit of victory is a comprehensive result of the pain of training, the allocation of strength, patience, and all the emotions of sadness and joy experienced until now. At that moment, there are no other thoughts. The footsteps of all the participants carry the new reputation of the nation. If there are thirty million people, thirty million flags of joy are raised. The closer the moment of crossing the finish line comes, the more the determination of victory is made, and the closer it gets, the more united the winning nation becomes.  
To fully seize and dominate this moment, you cannot just think, "Oh, I have no power, I don't know anything, it's just okay." You must not do that. The trophy you have worked hard and sincerely to achieve is eternal. The treasure you have obtained by dedicating your life and all your loyalty in any position is something you want to keep with you forever.  
From this perspective, quietly reflect on the life you have lived since entering the Unification Church. Have you truly become the fruit of the connection that has come through the historical process, a central figure that this era demands, and a pioneer who can start a new world?  
When you think about the nation itself, it is nothing. Therefore, here, you must deny the nation itself. You must remove all the branches of the environment you have lived in until now and all the resentments, allowing new branches and new buds to emerge. You must become someone who can break through such an environment. Therefore, those who stand in such a position must possess their original connection.  
The Place Where Goodness is Central is the Place of Prosperity  
Goodness has been trampled on this earth, but the time of sorrow is about to be overturned. Goodness always enters a place that is trampled and always enters a place of destruction, but in such an environment, no matter how great the conditions of evil are, it ultimately overcomes them and moves to a place of glory. Therefore, when looking at this sinful world, if you do not have the strength to immediately push this evil world away, you must develop the conviction to break through it.  
When you look at life externally, it is just about eating, sleeping, coming and going, rejoicing, and grieving. But is there any difference for those who face God's will? It is the same; what is different? The difference lies in the motivation of historical connections and the personality formed from the source of love. You must understand that this is where the differences in religion, ethnicity, and nations arise.  
These days, when the teacher sees the salespeople, they seem to be mentally stagnant. If they go out in the morning and do not achieve their goals, they feel powerless. To sell even one product, there must be a strong conviction to hold onto something and see it through to the end. When there are many good things, they can run around in a daze until night. So how different are your thoughts from the teacher's thoughts? The beginning and the end go back and forth. The teacher knows that you do not move according to the instructions given when you go out into the field. Such behavior must be eliminated in the future. If the teacher leaves it alone, there will be discipline from the spiritual world. If the motivation and direction do not align, the purpose will go back and forth. When the center of purpose is not visible, it ends.  
In terms of the standards you aim for, merely having direction leads you through connections. As you go, the motivation follows, and the direction is presented, leading you to your destination. However, if you try to establish the direction yourself and say, "Please give me the motivation!" it cannot be done. This creates contradictions and difficulties. When society becomes like that, it is the difficulty of society; when a nation becomes like that, it is the difficulty of the nation. Therefore, no matter how much America reigns over the world, if it does not align with that, it becomes isolated. No matter how much you boast that what the Unification Church does is heavenly principle, if it does not align with the principled path of the Unification Church, it becomes isolated. When you cannot correct yourself in that isolated position, you will perish.  
When you perish, friends and parents will all leave. The place of destruction is where everything is lost. When Adam and Eve fell in the Garden of Eden, God was not there either. When you enter a place of destruction, you lose God, True Parents, and all true tribes, nations, and the world. Ultimately, you will lose your own life as well. However, conversely, the place of prosperity is the place where everything is found.  
Therefore, when looking at good and evil, evil is the place of destruction and the place where everything is lost, so you must not go there, while goodness is the place where you can find everything that has been lost, so you must seek that path. When you look at your heart, when you act badly, you look back. That is when your conscience leaves you. When the conscience feels guilty, it says, "Hey, I'm leaving. After I leave, you have nothing to do with me." And the conscience leaves. When you stand in a place where you lose your conscience, you perish.  
Because the place of destruction centered on goodness is the place of prosperity, if anyone opposes that, infinite strength will come. If it is a place where the nation thrives, no matter how much I may die, I must go. That is how the principles of heaven and earth work. Only then can I prosper, and I can find everything. Goodness never perishes. If it does not perish, heaven and earth will be found.  
Connect to the Mainstream of History  
So, what is the method that the Unification Church teacher guides today? What have you done for God until now? It is to connect to the mainstream of history. This connection is what creates the world; you are not the ones creating that world. The earth revolves around the sun in its orbit. Even after ten million revolutions, there is no change. Because it is in a normal orbit, both the sun and the earth are destined to revolve.  
What we need to think about now is our connection. Our connection today is significant. Here we are gathered with the purpose of finding our original hometown centered on a 6,000-year connection.  
In that sense, what does our principle teach us? It teaches us about the original God. What kind of connection do I have with God? It is that the connections of motivation and the starting point are the same. Originally, humans were born through God. God did not think of making humans while creating heaven and earth. God created heaven and earth for the beloved sons and daughters, humans. Therefore, from the perspective of the ideal of creation, humans are in a subjective position. You must also stand in a subjective position centered on thought. By declaring that, God created humans as purposeful beings. Because they are purposeful beings, all things in the universe are bound together around humans. The binding of humans and the universe and the complete binding of God should have been the fundamental connection between humans and God. However, because humans could not stand in a unified connection with God and fell, they could not rise to that position.  
God Must Be with Humans to Escape Sorrow  
Then what happened to God? Since the motivation of all beginnings is centered on humans, and the purpose of creation itself is also directed toward humans, what happened to God because of the fall of humans? It became a result of the fall. If a person makes a mistake while speaking, who is responsible for that mistake? The person who spoke is responsible. If I make a mistake while working, I am responsible for that too. The one who thought is responsible, and if there is one who executed it, they are also responsible. God also created humans centered on the ideal of creation, and if the creation that God envisioned did not come to be, it is not the creation that is responsible for that mistake. Just as a manufactured item does not take responsibility when it changes and does not become what was desired, God, who created humans, takes responsibility for everything of fallen humans. That is why God has been responsible until now.  
Because of the fall of humans, God, who desired joy, became the God of sorrow.  
Since I have made God the God of sorrow, we must become one centered on God's sorrow. You must understand that without becoming one centered on sorrow, joy cannot emerge. In light of this, there is a necessary connection between God and me. Until now, God has carried sorrow.  
Then where does joy come from? If I come out first, can I be the motivation for joy? Absolutely not. Only when God is joyful can it be possible.  
Joy must pass through the gateway of sorrow. In other words, it must start from a position that can align with the point of sorrow where God is sorrowful, so that God can meet the starting point of joy. Therefore, the path of goodness is the path that seeks the place of historical sorrow.  
From the perspective of fallen life, joy is for the realization of the ideal of creation, which is the purpose of goodness, but not everything can be a condition for that joy. You must break through the conditions of sorrow. Thus, you must delve into and dismantle the sorrowful conditions that humanity has faced historically. Therefore, when in anguish, you must feel, "Ah, this is God's sorrow!"  
This sorrow cannot be escaped by God Himself. Because God became the God of sorrow through humans, God cannot escape that sorrow by Himself. If He could have escaped, there would have been no need for God to carry out the history of restoration until now. God can escape that sorrow only by being with humans. Because God's sorrow began through humans, unless humans make a new resolution to step on all of this sorrow at the forefront, God cannot escape from sorrow.  
The Greatness of the Principle of the Unification Church  
So, what must the saints who have taken responsibility for the path of virtue on this earth and the Lord who will come at the end do? They also cannot start with joy on the earth. Before giving joy to all people, there is something they must do. That is, they must find an explosive motivation that can take responsibility for and resolve the sorrow that has been hidden in the deep valleys of the historical process, the sorrow that made God sorrowful.  
To take responsibility for the sorrow caused by the son to the father, it must become a world that can start anew centered on the heart of the father. We have a mission to remove sorrow. The power of the unity of the father and son is stronger than any force of evil. Therefore, a new explosive start is taking place here, and a storm will arise here.  
That is why the Unification Church teaches to follow this path. The point of hope does not start from hope. The sorrow of the high...
It starts with the dog. Because God is in such a position, we must also walk the path of sorrow. 
What is happiness? Nowadays, some people think that having a lot of money and living well means being happy. Those who feel such things as happiness are fundamentally different from us in essence and content. 
So where does happiness sprout from? Look at where the motivation for a nation to prosper comes from. How did the Renaissance start? It was possible because it encountered the motivation that could serve as the foundation for establishing a new ideology centered around a new view of human history. It is not easy to encounter that motivation. It requires bridging and overcoming all cultural gaps. To do that, one must deny everything about the present. When the standard of denial becomes stronger than the denied external environment, one can transcend that external environment. Thus, the Renaissance began. 
Where can heaven start? One cannot enter heaven without resolving God's sorrow. Since fallen humanity has woven a sorrowful history since the fall, we must directly find all the connections of that sorrowful history. We must find that connection from the 6,000 years of history since Adam and Eve. The principle of the Unification Church is to teach about such a sorrowful God. People in the world, when they experience sorrow, all want to escape. The principle of the Unification Church teaches about God's sorrow, which is more tragic than any sorrowful content. In the world, when something sad happens, everyone tries to avoid it, but the principle of the Unification Church is to pass through this sad place. In the world, when something sad happens, everyone tries to avoid it, but originally, humans are not meant to do so. The more one knows about God's sorrow, the more the Unification Church in reality exudes powerful strength. The more one understands God's miserable content, the source of the power to resolve it becomes an infinitely explosive motivation. This is the great power that the Unification Church possesses. 
Let us not forget that the path of restoration is the path of sorrow. 
So we must first meet the sorrowful God. We must meet God, who is sadder than anyone in history, the King of Sorrow. When we meet that God and step on that sorrow, a strong joy rises in our hearts. At that time, we must have the conditions to welcome anew. It is like feeling extremely sweet when one eats something sweet after having only eaten bitter things. 
What would God, who is in such a position, want from fallen humanity? If you first feel God's pain and walk the path of restoration from the position of a son, then God can perform a history of love centered around a day without shame, with the explosive love of that homeland. Rather than calling upon God while stepping on the sorrowful path from the pure position of original nature, there is a unified standard where one can establish a connection in a place where mountains shake and bones, flesh, and cells are in motion. The place where the motivation is brought forth becomes a perfect standard that Satan cannot absolutely invade, so from here, it becomes the starting point and heart centered on the energy of complete restoration. 
Because it started with sorrow, joy can only come after breaking through the barriers of sorrow. If one does not resolve that sorrow during their life on this earth, they will enter the realm of sorrow in the spirit world and suffer eternally. In that case, one can never establish a relationship with joy. 
Thus, our Unification Church teaches about God's sorrow, the subject of historical connections. However, as sons and daughters who have woven the history of sorrow, we have forgotten the sorrowful path until now. But from now on, we must be able to break through the barriers that are personally, nationally, and globally established. If we forget that we are called before God and fail to fulfill our individual responsibilities, we will perish. When families fail to fulfill their responsibilities to tear down the walls of tribes and liberate them, they perish, and when tribes fail to fulfill their responsibilities to eliminate all the sorrowful conditions of nations, they perish. The same goes for nations, the world, and the cosmos. Considering this, the path of those who follow the Unification Church today is filled with layers of sorrow. 
The reason we have endured until now 
The wars we have fought until now have been against nations. We have fought against nations until now. While fighting against nations, we have repeatedly been pushed back and lost. What has made us endure losing? It is to win in a greater battle. That is why the teacher has said, "Be still. Be still. Even if you are trampled, be still." The reason we have done such foolish things is that we have endured because there has been no counterpart to fight centered on love, and it has been to prepare for the time when we can take responsibility in the final settlement. So the more we yield, the more we invest all our internal strength to burst forth all at once at a single opportunity. The reason we have been pushed and chased until now is to secure a national condition that can come afterward, or to win in a broader field. 
Isn't that how it should be? 
However, these days, Unification Church members say, "It used to be like that. It used to be like that, but now I don't want to." They are all sitting down. Even when the time has come to engage in a real global struggle, they are only thinking about the neighborhood fights of the past, saying, "Ah, those were good times." If they continue like this, they will perish. They will perish. Behind those people, there is neither a nation nor a world. 
That is why, from this perspective, we must tear down all the barriers of God's sorrow. We must fight to eliminate the sorrows of families rather than just personal sorrows, and to save tribes, we must be able to sacrifice families. Furthermore, we must establish tribes to save nations, and even if it means sacrificing nations, we must save the country. Moreover, even if it means sacrificing all thirty million of South Korea, we must be able to save the world. 
So what does God's providence require? It requires personal victory. The reason it requires personal victory is that it desires familial victory, and the reason it desires familial victory is that it seeks tribal victory. The desire for tribal, national, and global victory is to lay the foundation for global victory. Do you understand? Therefore, the providence of heaven is busy. 
For world restoration, self-sacrifice is necessary. 
From this perspective, what does the Unification Church teach? It teaches about the infinitely sorrowful God. It teaches about such a God so that we can walk together in the direction God is heading. God carries the history that started with sorrow toward restoration, bearing personal sorrow, familial sorrow, tribal sorrow, national sorrow, global sorrow, and cosmic sorrow. 
Today, for the world to externally aim for one world, all the elements of sorrow that are spread throughout the world must be eliminated. Who will bear that responsibility? If the United States cannot bear that responsibility, then Korea must. 
If the public opinion of the American people regarding the serious events in the world, including the Vietnam War, causes the sovereign to retreat, it will perish. Where is the world going? After humanity's history has retreated, in what direction will it be restored? If we cannot prepare for this, we will truly perish. The Soviet Communist Party will also perish if it cannot do so. 
Then what is one way to prosper? We must stand in a position where we can unite around the direction of God's providence. We must be a nation that can bear the world's sorrows, even if it means entering a place where we are wounded and dying, taking responsibility for the world's sorrows without caring. Thus, even if that nation has no place to stand and is scattered across the world, as long as the thought it leaves behind remains, a heavenly fortune will open to restore the world with that thought. Do you understand? "Yes." 
We should not boast of our national culture. We should not boast of being a globally recognized Christian nation. If we cannot be a nation that can take responsibility for the sorrowful world to come, the sovereignty and hope of this nation will be lost. However, even if a nation is in a miserable position without national sovereignty, if it possesses a national character that can boldly and strongly take responsibility for the world's sorrows, that nation will meet the world of victory. This world of victory is what individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world long for. So do not be discouraged and fight until the end. 
Even if you live the life of a lonely shepherd, or become a wandering tribe and live a sorrowful and painful life, you must become a nation that can say it will take responsibility for the world of sorrows to come. Such a nation will be a nation that can receive blessings from God for thousands and tens of thousands of years. And that nation will ultimately conquer the world. To become such a nation, we must give up national culture and national sovereignty. It is okay to lose such things. To occupy the world, we must sever ties with narrow-mindedness. 
If there is a group with such a view, that group will inevitably meet a decisive moment one day. 
When Jesus was crucified, he did not think, "Oh, I am dying because I met the wrong parents. I am dying because my disciples betrayed me." Nor did he think, "I am dying because the Israelite nation, which represents all humanity, could not take responsibility." He thought, "Heaven and earth could not take responsibility, and that is why I am dying." This responsibility is not just the responsibility of one era, but a historical responsibility. Because heaven and earth could not take responsibility, Jesus' life was lonely. He abandoned that responsibility and paved the way again, so Christianity must take on the responsibility that the earth bears. 
"My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as you will..." (Matthew 26:39). The meaning of this prayer is not to hope for happiness within a given limit, but to express a desire for world restoration more than anyone else within the scope of a lifetime. It is like God's longing for the world and the universe. Therefore, when we look at my will and God's will, Jesus' will desires to hope within a certain limit, but God has transcended that limit. When we see the Father who cares for the world beyond the Israelite nation, we understand that the Father's heart bore the feelings of suffering that must go to the world, and thus Jesus prayed earnestly, "Not as I will, but as you will." 
What is the Father's will? It is global restoration. He wanted to save the world, but death stood in the way, preventing Him from going. So even if I cannot go, I will establish a connection with God so that future generations can walk this path. This proclamation and declaration took place at the crucifixion. Therefore, Jesus stood in the position of a loser, but he became the foremost person who occupied suffering and sorrow, becoming the subject of God's heart. So what was the standard that allowed him to occupy sorrow? It is the hope that we can start toward a new world of hope. In this regard, the Unification Church teaches about God's sorrow, which can become the connection of motivation. 
Then in what direction should we go? We must go in one direction, the direction of liberation and unification. Because God is one, the purpose cannot be two. The path pursued by the purpose cannot be two. Therefore, humanity must move toward that one purpose. The reason you must live with certainty about this is here. Therefore, we must share the point of contact with heaven; we must not deviate from this. The teacher knows all this. The reason the teacher tells you these things is that there is such a situation. However, the teacher and you may end up parting ways. If the standards do not match in the spirit world, you cannot return together. 
Unification Church members must resolve God's sorrow.
There are people who focus on money. Such people are fake. If you think and act with that mindset, you will only become a person of that caliber. This is absolutely necessary for my activities. You must work with the thought that you will receive blessings. Then, you will receive several times what you have worked for. Maintaining public trust is God's law.

Knowing this, you should act with this mindset; thinking about how much money you can make is what ruins you. You must never think like that. Perhaps because the activities are strenuous, many members of our Unification Church are ill. Earlier, I saw that only two people were left while everyone else was moving to take medicine.

The path we walk centered on God, with whom we are connected, is a path of sorrow. Moreover, that path is difficult and dangerous. When we cross this path, how much will we remember the past? It will always come to mind.

Everyone is needed on the path of restoration. People usually feel proud if they have a place to sleep and plenty to eat. However, for the teacher, most of those things are operational necessities, not the purpose. The teacher thought that this is the way to be favored by God.

Thus, we will manage individuals, families, and societies, and further restore the Republic of Korea and expand to the world. Only with such a heart can a greater foundation for practice arise, and even if unpleasant feelings arise, we can move forward without concern. Therefore, if we work with such a mindset at this point in time, we will not be discouraged. Do you understand? "Yes."

And since we are connected, we must especially feel and confront each other. There, both wives and husbands are needed. Young people are also needed, as are the elderly. Because of this, we have worked to establish a common form of public opinion.

What will happen if we say we do not need older people? If we stand in a position that completely ignores older people, the national character of that country will disappear. Do you understand? If you become someone who dislikes older people, from the perspective of the ethnic tradition, you become someone who sells out the ethnic identity.

However, these days, children deny their parents. They are even denying moral principles. When one denies morality, it is the end. Our Unification Church must not be like this. We should not dance to the tune of the current trends. The Unification Church must have connections that can truly be affirmed forever. Parents must relate as parents, children as children, and teachers as teachers. Therefore, it cannot be just young people. The will also requires older people.

Thus, we must value older people. In the future, we will carry out such work centered on the teacher. If what the teacher has told us is true, we must not die. In the days that remain, all our family members will be needed. All the older people here are also needed. When you enter the rooms of young people, there are times when you can understand the teacher's facial expressions and frowns. Recently, it seems that the spirit has become slack, so the teacher sometimes asks questions that he knows.

Do you know why that is? If we do not value older people who are lacking in energy due to age, the national spirit will become blurred. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The way of love. When we look at the connections we have gathered, the Unification Church was not established because of me. The world was not established because of me. It was established because of the whole. It was established because of us. The whole cannot move centered on me. So, if we want to move the world, who must we center on? God. That is why I must live with God.

Thus, in moving centered on God, children are needed, adults are needed, sons and daughters are all needed. We need everyone centered on one tribe. Every person, even a sinner in prison, and those who are dying, are all needed in that world. Therefore, we must love all humanity, love the nation, and then love ourselves. This is the way to heaven. We must love humanity and then love our families. This is the tradition you will be educated in the future.

We must live with such ideals. Even when we eat, we should check if there are people in the neighborhood who are starving, and if there are, we must help them before we eat. This is the heart of heaven. When the teacher was in prison, when you brought various things in your bundles, the teacher shared everything with others. The teacher lived centered on the will of justice even there.

Those who pursue knowledge in harsher places and do not spare their efforts even in the face of death are the ones whom heaven saves. And if there are those who cry out, "O master of goodness, O homeland of goodness, O day of goodness, come and liberate me," heaven will be with that heart that cries out.

If today’s Unification Church members face the teacher centered on themselves, the world cannot long for the teacher. It absolutely cannot long for him. Even in the universe where love is exchanged, if there is no mutual understanding, one cannot long for another.

However, there are people who abandon their own nation and come to Korea to pray for its salvation; where does that strength come from? They also, commendably, have the heart of God’s will, which is why such feelings keep emerging. The more we carry the heart of God, the more the bundle of love follows us like a mountain.

When a man and a woman resonate with each other, the feeling of wanting to love is the same for both. I have met God, so I must have a heart that can love all people more than anyone else, even in any calamity. Those who can deeply reflect with such a heart will find great strength behind them.

The teacher does not intend to make you gain benefits. Now, it has become a realm where the world cannot help but think of the teacher, even without the teacher thinking of them.

Now, without having to pray for them, because of the foundation that has been laid so far, God can manifest public value in that prayer and can also serve as a personal stepping stone to support those who pray in the future. That is why the teacher has accomplished many groundbreaking works. We must understand that these are our connections.

We must establish a world of connections centered on God. If you have grown cold in love, who should re-educate you? The loss of love has come from forgetting God's sorrow. God is the Father, and we are the children. We are now standing in the opposite position of the relationship that can be together forever.

Do you feel the reality of these words? If you know your father is working hard but do not understand why he is working hard, it is of no use.

The path that the father walks is not an individual path but a path to restore the family, nation, and world. In other words, one must love the nation before embracing the family, and love the world before embracing the nation. This is love. One cannot love the nation without loving the world. And one cannot love their family without loving the nation. Therefore, as we walk the path of restoration, we must have this heart of love.

When looking at the Unification Church, Unification Church members are individuals, but the Unification Church refers to the whole. God has gone through many wars and historical processes for a long time to establish this whole. Thus, the historical barriers between individuals have been broken down, and the connections made at the Unification Church have been realized. Those who ignore this will face historical judgment. We must understand that we are forming incredible connections.

Until now, we individuals have fought against Satan centered on God and have remained. Now, this remaining group must prepare for the second operation. So what is that operation? It is to fight for the nation and the world. We are standing on the path where we must prepare and train for this.

That is why you must understand well that comrades and family are needed. Do you understand? "Yes."

You must be able to firmly realize that the connections centered on God are pure connections. Once you understand this clearly, will there be any fear of death? No matter how much money you have, you will not dislike it. To earn money, we must make the Unification Church the best in the world.

Since a path has been created, you must live by supporting it with both legs. Even if there are things that the world dislikes, you must boldly move forward. Therefore, you must earn money that can be used and worked for the world and the nation. So personally, how difficult will it be? God knows your difficulties. If you overcome that suffering, the glory of heaven and your connection will remain.

Knowing this, you must establish this world of connections. You must clearly understand that you cannot live without connections. The eyes of a person are meant to see, the nose to breathe, and the mouth to eat. Everything is connected in this way. Therefore, we must seek to establish the world of connections. In other words, we must establish a world of connections centered on God. Do you understand? "Yes."

<Prayer> Father, please allow us to understand how precious a time it is to be able to meet each other as father and son centered on your sorrowful heart. We are too superficial to be your children. When we think of how we have indiscriminately called your glorious and amazing name, "Father! Father!" even when we did not know you, we recognize that we are in the same position as when we called out to you with a choked voice in those times. Even if we could be forgiven, please allow us to realize that we cannot call you Father as grown-ups.

Please let us know that your name is the name that can bloom as a high, precious, and holy immortal flower. We have come to understand that your heart is in your name. Please allow us to become your embodiment, and let us be your children who long for you, knowing that you are the Father who always wants to love and embrace your children, soothing your sorrowful heart and shedding tears behind the spiritual world.

In the truly holy place where we can call you Father, let us know how merciful, joyful, and overwhelming your voice is when you call out to your son who has labored to cross the peak of historical sorrow. We know that the path of restoration is one where we must meet as father and son in that place.

Father, we have come to understand how holy and lofty the two characters of "unification" are. Please do not let us forget that the Unification Church is the place where such high and holy unification can be taught. We have learned today where that unification begins. We have realized that unification is achieved in a place where we can share the deep sorrows that are soaked in the deep valleys of your heart without turning away from them, and where your entire heart can be comforted by my heart.

However, we understand that the peaks of that sorrow are immense, and we must have a heart filled with hope to resolve this sorrow that is greater than that sorrow for unification to sprout and connections to be formed. Until now, we did not know this fact.

Please awaken a new sense of urgency in the hearts of your children gathered here today. Also, while the efforts of heaven for unification have been miserable, let us feel once more that the foundation of connections that the Unification Church can leave behind has also been miserable.

Although the Unification Church has left behind the connections of the history of over ten saints, please allow us to know that behind that miserable history lies the sorrow of thousands of years. Let us realize that those who truly feel the deeply hidden history behind the Unification Church's history are the true Unification Church members.

Let us not be Unification Church members who only act in the name of the Unification Church in today's reality, but rather allow us to be members who hold the hope of the Unification Church and have connections with it from a higher position than the countless spirits of the spiritual world who have endured through thousands of years of history. We have learned through the principle that the present moment is the time when we must go ahead of the spirits. We must not end with merely knowing this fact; let us also understand that this knowledge will judge us in the end.

Many people throughout history have longed for this connection, and now in the spiritual world, they know the value of the Unification Church and are devoted to protecting and supporting the path of the Unification Church with all their loyalty. When we consider that they must rely on the earthly people, we realize that the earthly people are too weak and lacking.

Even though the reality they have longed for has appeared, let us earnestly hope and wish that they realize that this reality stands in a fearful position, imposing the conditions of sorrow upon them. 

If we become your sons and daughters who possess the original authority and original posture, your love and your grace will always be with us, and your mercy, your authority, and your holy voice will overflow in our lives. We earnestly hope and wish that you will look upon our movements with compassion, as we are not able to do so.

Please allow us to be your children who can inherit your sorrow for the sake of the Father and explode with joy in our connections. 

When we look at this nation, we know that there are sorrowful stories left in this nation. When we look at the three thousand ri peninsula, we know that remnants of sorrow still remain in this three thousand ri peninsula. Therefore, we must prepare all conditions to solve all internal and external issues.

On the internal side, we must connect with the sorrow of the Father centered on spiritual content, and on the external side, we must connect with the sorrow of the false material world, becoming sons and daughters who can eliminate all sorrows from within and without.

Where are the loyal subjects and virtuous women? We know that those who comfort the sorrowful Father in the internal position and take responsibility for all the sorrowful twists in front of us are the loyal subjects and virtuous women. Therefore, let us become loyal subjects, virtuous women, and filial children who can comfort the Father’s internal sorrow and deny the external sorrow of the world. We earnestly hope and wish to understand that only those who can deny the current sorrowful world can become your true sons and daughters.

Please do not let us become humans who impose the cross we must bear on others, and let us clearly understand that we must carry this cross and follow the Father. Individuals have their own crosses, families have their crosses, and tribes and nations have their crosses...
the responsibility of the individual, family, and nation, as we bear the heavy cross of the world. Therefore, we must comfort and share this burden with one another. That is why we must remember that we are heavenly warriors who must unite completely with our Father and fulfill this sacred responsibility to establish God's kingdom on this earth. I earnestly pray, Father, that we do not forget this.

We earnestly hope and wish that we will be able to inherit all the authority of hope that is sufficient to move forward as the soldiers of unification who have completely inherited this amazing, heavenly lineage.

Today is a holy day! Please gather us at Your altar. May You repay a thousandfold and ten thousandfold the sincere hearts that admire and pray to You, and there are those who have pledged to walk the path of death and sacrifice according to the purpose of justice; Father! Please protect them. Always stand by their side, and I earnestly wish and hope that Heaven will remember them as they leave a legacy of the spirit of the nation and the traditional content of the church. Thus, when we ask that Your high and preciousness be with our lives and our entirety forever, I present all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

**The Mainstream of Restoration**
1 Corinthians 13:11-13

**Prayer (I)** Today is the third Sabbath of this month. As we set the slogan of a full-scale advance before the Father, we must once again reflect on ourselves as individuals who must fight until we can embrace Your bosom while tracing the path of restoration entrusted with Heaven's solemn task. We cannot help but reveal how insufficient and irresponsible we have been before this tremendous mission.

As time flows, holding onto sorrow, we must make this time a moment of repentance before the Father for having wasted countless days caught up in that process.

Father, this time is a holy day on which You can bestow blessings, and all people who seek Your high and precious mercy and love are gathered before Your presence. Among them, there are also children who are prostrating themselves with a heart of longing to fulfill the responsibilities entrusted by Heaven while pleading for a historical mission before You through Your heart.

It has been Your wish that countless individuals, families, and nations align with Your will, and we must think again about how sorrowful Your heart must be as You look upon the reality where individuals, families, tribes, and nations are not united. You have desired that countless multitudes bow down before You, but since there are no such multitudes, we know that You hope for even a small number to embody that appearance.

We hope that many individuals and families will be connected to such a place, but since that is not possible, we earnestly wish and hope that we may understand at this time that You are searching for true individuals and true families in this world.

Father, please remember Your children gathered here. We are insufficient beings, having nothing like naked ones. This was true in the past, and it is true in the present.

Before the one thought of Your hope, we are those who do not know how to manage our shameful appearances. Father, please cover our faults, and grant us hearts of compassion and mercy so that our insufficiencies may be fulfilled and our weaknesses made strong.

Father, there are many gatherings in this world, but among them, there are insufficient children gathered in humble circumstances. We do not come to possess You with the standard that You seek. Embracing our insufficiencies, we wish to repent before You through the deep flow of our true hearts, so please make this time one where our hearts can move and yearn for the connection of Your circumstances.

You have ruled this earth and countless people with infinite authority and power, but we are hoping for the grace of Your mercy more than Your power. As we recall Your words and call You Father, please cause a revolution in our hearts so that our earnest desire to be embraced in the bosom of Your heart can explode, and bring about a change of heart so that we may be taken as God's own. We truly wish for that, so Father, please come to us.

Your circumstances must become our circumstances, and Your wishes must become our wishes so that Your heart and our hearts can be in harmony. Thus, when You are in sorrow, we must also be sorrowful, and when You are joyful, we must also rejoice.

We have gathered here longing to be able to unify with You as Your substantial counterpart, so please remove all that does not correspond to that and raise a nature of heart that can be completely in harmony and absorbed into it, so that we can be aware of being Your sons and daughters. We earnestly wish and hope for this time to work so that we can appear with the heavenly authority that is not shameful as Your children who have been established before Your will.

We sincerely thank You for having the holy name of the Unification Church. Who would not long for the grace of being unified as one? Our hearts must be unified as one, our work must be unified as one, and all our movements must be unified before the Father. Thus, may all of our entirety be able to be called children of God from the beginning to the end connected to You.

Father, how much have You labored to raise us until now? We know well how pitiful You must feel when we stand in a miserable position, and how lonely and miserable You must be when we stand in a lonely and tragic position. We have understood that You are the Father who does not mind comforting us a thousand times or ten thousand times with Your heart. We have come forth from the circumstances where You, forgetting Your dignity and face, held onto us and pleaded.

You have urged us not to perish, not to weaken, and to remain until the end, and as we think about whether we have become the substance of the fruits that can be suitable for Your commands and rejoice in Your commands, we cannot help but repent that this is also an unspeakable condition of lamentation before us that was the story of Your coming.

You came to give us the conditions of joy and happiness, but due to our irresponsibility, we have made You the Father of sorrow, the Father of grievance, and the Father who must bear accusations from Satan. We earnestly wish and hope that at this time, we may deeply repent of this fact.

Through thousands of years of history, how long have You awaited for Your wishes to be fulfilled on this earth? How long have You awaited for the appearance of true sons and daughters on this earth, and how long have You awaited for new families to appear? How long have You awaited for new tribes and new nations? We know that there must be at least one true son or daughter who can comfort You, buried in the deep valleys of inner desire, and we hope that we may be such sons and daughters who can remain until the end.

At that place, may we become Your sons and daughters who can establish Your authority, dignity, and reputation, and may each of us feel that we must be those who can stand as such.

On this day, as the children of unification who are struggling under the burden of Heaven's time and mission, looking towards this place from all over South Korea, we earnestly hope that You will have compassion upon them. We have understood that there is no night or rest in the work of Heaven, so please continuously bestow Your grace upon their hearts and bodies, awaken them again, and make them Your children who can boldly step forward as the soldiers of the new era.

May Your counsel and comfort be with the countless children who are eagerly awaiting the day to meet You widely across the world, and may they become children who are not lacking in fulfilling the priestly mission entrusted to them before that nation and that people, as You directly guide them.

At this time, please have compassion upon the children who cannot attend here. We were born for the purpose of Your will, so we must live for that will and die for that will. Please make us Your sons and daughters who are filled with such conviction, burning with the determination to repay our enemies and achieve victory.

At this time, we have gathered our insufficient knees, so please make this time one where we can be embraced in the bosom of Your comfort, and may this place be directly presided over by God, and may the authority of life be manifested.

If there are any bitter roots in our hearts that cannot be accepted before Heaven, please uproot and remove them. With Your fiery eyes, please observe and preside over the entirety so that this time may be one where we can completely escape from the realm of Satan.

From the beginning to the end, we hope that You alone will preside and guide, and we earnestly ask that all our wishes be in harmony with Your heart and that we may all become one. Please grant us the remaining grace. I present all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

**Prayer (II)** Merciful Father, please make this place a holy sanctuary where our hearts can become one with Yours. May it be a sacred place where we can connect with Your heart, be immersed in Your circumstances, and fulfill Your wishes, where You alone can preside.

Please remove all human selfishness. As descendants of the fall, we have been born with our own masks and our own claims, so please remove all conditions that allow us to appear before You in our own ways. May our hearts, like humble children, yearn for You with an endless longing, and may our hearts of infinite admiration be fully absorbed into the depths of Your heart.

We know that our current situation is as pitiful and miserable as that of a child who has lost their parents, so please let our heartfelt cries of yearning for our mother and father explode from our hearts. In order to break free from this environment, may we forget the wounds on our bodies and, with hearts that can empathize with the longing for our parents, be able to prove that we are Your sons.

Father, may we become Your children who long for that relationship where You would run to us upon seeing such a figure, embrace us, call us Your sons and daughters, and shed tears while holding us close.

We have come to this place not to seek any worldly possessions, nor to establish connections with any person. We have come out of longing for the eternal connection that can remain with You, the high and precious One. We are not here to plant roots in any circumstances, but we have come to pursue an eternal root of connection that cannot be uprooted and cannot be separated from You.

We have come to be those who can move with You when You move and stand still when You stand still, so please be our root, and may we be the branches, leaves, and stems that can revive all nations with the power, energy, and pulse of God.

We know that those who are embraced in the bosom of the Father and Mother are truly happy. No matter how fierce the surrounding environment may be, and no matter if we live day by day on the brink of death, we know that a child sleeping in the arms of their parents feels the peace of heart.

We, who live in an evil world, a chaotic world, and a world where the waves of death surge, could not approach the Father, but even if it is just for that one hour when we can be embraced in Your bosom, we have come forth with longing, admiration, and desire, so we earnestly wish and hope that You will command us at this time.

Please grant us the nature of love that can resonate with Your heart, and with a heart of compassion, sanctify us so that all emotions flowing from our bones, hearts, and cells can become that which can resonate with You. May we feel the oneness between the wondrous You and us.

Thus, may this time be one where we can boast of Your greatness and rediscover Your preciousness, Father, and we earnestly wish and hope for this.

Father, we know that there are countless nations on this earth, and that many denominations worship before You. Among them, we hope to stand before You as children in our nakedness, like infants. Please make us those who strive to become the rightful heirs of the love that has been preserved through Your heart.

We desire nothing but You, so we earnestly hope and wish that You will manifest Yourself here and establish a connection with us. We have understood how much You have labored to pave this path. We know the historical mission that remains whenever You find Yourself in lonely circumstances, and we understand the difficult circumstances where You urged us that there are still paths to climb.

Please grant us Your heart so that we can empathize with those circumstances. No matter how lonely it may be, we have understood that those who can comfort You will not perish. Even if we find ourselves in a pitiful position, we know that when we stand with You, holding onto Your will and Your authority, we are not the sorrowful ones.

Even if we are pressed, chased, trampled, and rejected on this earth, we know through historical evidence that when Heaven establishes us, no one in heaven or earth will bow their heads before the value and foundation of that glory. We earnestly wish and hope that they may also become children who bow their heads before You in such a manner.

Please allow us to welcome the Father who calls and comes to us with our hearts, and may this time be one where we can offer our hearts as a tangible offering before You, so that we can bear fruit as a substantial entity.

Father, please become the centerpiece and foundation of this gathering. May no one be able to pass through Your connection, and may no one be able to long for Your story. Only those who love You and have a relationship with You may be here, so please allow us to establish the subjectivity of life forever based on Your words, and may we be able to pioneer a new life.
I earnestly hope and desire that I may become a source of hope.  
134   The Main Current of Restoration  
At this time, I would like to share words in the presence of the Father. Please allow the hearts of the speaker and the listener to become one. Since we are all one subject, one motivation, and one family, we wish to dedicate this hour with a unified heart centered on the circumstances of heaven. I earnestly ask that You personally preside over us and grant us the laws of Your providence and the grace of governance.  
I also earnestly request that the grace manifested at this time be connected to the Father’s children scattered across South Korea and to the Father’s children around the world, and that it may be linked to numerous nations and the heavenly world.  
Please make this a time when we can rejoice, receiving the bright light of a new morning. I earnestly ask that this time may be one where we can meet the day of the grace of resurrection, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.  
<Words> Today,  
I would like to speak briefly on the title of "The Main Current of Restoration."  
The word restoration means to return. To return means to have left the original place and to go back to that original place.  
What Religion Desires  
If humanity’s ancestors had started as good children centered on God, then we would not need the term restoration, nor would we need the term salvation. However, the need for such terms arose because humanity’s ancestors fell. Thus, humanity has been destined to walk the path of restoration.  
Today, countless people living on this earth are in a fate where they must be saved and regain their original posture. In the future, there must arise a decisive standard that determines the entire story of restoration and completes the purpose of salvation, whether it be an individual, a family, a tribe, a nation, or a country. As long as there is a relationship with God, heaven cannot appear on this earth before that happens.  
For this reason, fallen humans are pursuing a world of ideals, though they may not know what that is. They believe that an ideal world will appear before them on the path they are taking, but that is a great misunderstanding. From the moment they started, they did not possess the source to create an ideal world; rather, they began with the misfortunes of despair and hopelessness, and thus they are in an inevitable fate that must yield such results at the end.  
Today, many nations are aiming for one world, but when asked if that one world they desire will truly appear in this historical age, the answer is no. Why? Because humans started off incorrectly. It is an inevitable fact that a world equipped with the standard of truth cannot come before humans who carry a flawed history.  
Therefore, new ideals, new worldviews, new perspectives on life, and new loves with new lives cannot appear while being directly connected to the historical process that humanity desires. For this to manifest, the historical process must be settled at one stage. If it cannot be settled, it must return to the beginning and go through the process of searching again. This is the fate of humanity born as descendants of fallen humanity. Religion has come forth with this dual perspective.  
Thus, before the ideal world comes, there must be judgment. Those who can escape this judgment are not those who carry the historical circumstances and connections as they are, but those who abandon them. It is those who break away from such things and turn back to avoid the path who can escape judgment. Without this, a new idealistic beginning cannot be seen, which is why religion has taught us to forsake the world.  
Cut off all connections with the world. Do not draw close to the world. Do not reconcile with the world. Cut off from the world. From a negative standpoint, cultivate a new awareness.  
In light of this, we must feel that humanity is in a tragic fate where it cannot simply welcome the ideal world in the flowing historical process. We individuals standing in this historical authority must not simply follow this fate. We must either settle it or go against it. We must understand that both individuals and nations must pioneer this path of fate.  
Then, can this path be pioneered immediately on a national level? Absolutely not. A nation is formed beyond the standards of tribes. Can this path be pioneered immediately on a global level? Absolutely not. The world is formed through the processes of nations.  
So, where is the fundamental origin that can walk this path? There must be nations before there can be a world, and there must be tribes before there can be nations, and there must be families before there can be tribes, and there must be individuals before there can be families. Today, religious people who envision the ideal heavenly kingdom are crying out for salvation, but all of that is tied to the purpose of individual salvation. They pursue individual paradises, individual bliss, not family kingdoms, tribal kingdoms, national kingdoms, or world kingdoms. With that, they cannot enter heaven or bliss. A decisive and perfect standard must be established to save individuals, and a day must be set where an unprecedented foundation can be established in the historical age. Only then can one start anew as a new life and go to heaven or bliss.  
A Representative Model Must Arise  
When I look at myself placed in the currents of history that we must go through today, our mindset is eagerly anticipating a most magnificent ideal. This world is entering into an ideal world that forms a family realm. The emotions of the world can resonate with our emotions, and the circumstances of the world can connect with our breath.  
However, no matter how much external standards and forms are established, we cannot transition to the ideal world alongside this world. A historical model must emerge. Whether as an individual, a family, or a representative model that can stand on the principles of restoration centered on tribal, national forms, such a model must emerge. Without that model, we cannot transition to the ideal world. In other words, that model is the root itself.  
Throughout our history, many saints have come and gone. Why did they come and go? Did they leave a small wish in history because they wanted to live that way by their own will? Or was it the fate of history that made it so? If the fate of history made it so, then the fortunes of those ancestors become unnecessary. This must be judged. Furthermore, if those individuals left any contributions by their own will, that too is unnecessary for us. It must simply flow away.  
So, what kind of connection must be brought? One must bring a heavenly connection. Only those who have come with a heavenly connection, as beings related to the principles that require the story of God's restoration, can contribute and become a part of the process of developing into the world of historical hope today. Otherwise, all will be indemnified. No matter how great their contributions were in shaping today’s cultural world, those contributions will simply flow away. Then, where should the motivation and content be grounded? It must be grounded in a heavenly connection, not through one’s own efforts or the achievements born from the environment of the times. You must understand this.  
Whom does your heart seek? It seeks true people. Among the saints, it seeks true saints. Then, which is the highest reality? Which is the core of the main current? In other words, which stands on the first standard as a human? Today, even though academia and moral ethics represent such dimensions of standards, that decisive standard has not yet been established on this earth. Because of this, the purpose of hope that humanity desires has not yet been realized on this planet.  
There are doctrines and religions, but they too have not yet met that purpose. They have become tribes that are still struggling in the realm of hope, and nations and the world as well. No matter how much the cultural world has created and formed a civilization like that of modern times, it does not contribute to the ultimate purpose we wish to achieve.  
Because humanity stands in this position, what must God do? He must establish a standard in one person. If God had not announced such a decisive standard, then God does not exist.  
God loved the world so much that He gave His only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. (John 3:16) This statement is nothing more than an empty chant.  
In the end times of history, God must have a standard that cannot be announced; that is, the highest standard must emerge among humans. Whether believers or non-believers, all people must go through this process of the ironclad law. Anyone who is human must go through this process. This is what is referred to in Christianity as the thought of the Second Coming.  
When that model appears, the conditions for personal happiness will emerge on this earth. The emergence of families, of course, and the formation of societies and nations will all begin anew with the ideal of heaven because of that person. In other words, a person who transcends the content of restoration, who stands outside the connections of restoration, must come to prepare the foundation for heaven to manifest on earth, becoming one with God and having all of God's circumstances and connections.  
When such an individual emerges, that individual will be the culmination of the world. Today, many nations and peoples are imitating this model, claiming national thoughts and national spirits. However, the question is how much they stand in a position to contribute a certain percentage before that one standard. This issue will determine how much that nation remains in history.  
God is said to be a God of love, but when God created humans, in what position would He want to place them to love them? If God merely watched and said, "That's good!" while placing humans at a distance, then He is not a God of love. He must place humans in the closest position to love them. Does He place humans in the position of subjects and say, "I am the king, so obey me absolutely"? No. The positions of king and subjects are too far apart. Does He love from the perspective of a neighbor? No, it is from the perspective of a father and son. Among love, it is the love of spouses, the love of parents, and the love of children that He loves from the very core of these three loves.  
The Relationship of Love  
Humanity's ancestors fell, so they could not become sons and daughters centered on God. Since they could not become sons and daughters, they could not become true children. Consequently, they formed pairs on their own and bore sons and daughters, leading to the emergence of tribes, nations, and countries… These should have been formed based on the principled love centered on God, but that did not happen. A world of peace, ideals, happiness, and hope cannot exist without God's love.  
Even if someone sings of happiness, claiming that they have nothing to envy in heaven or on earth, such external things cannot be happiness. They may serve as conditions for seeking happiness, but they cannot be happiness itself. So, what must be determined for one to feel happiness? There must be loving parents, a spouse, and children. No one can deny this. A person who has only one of these will feel proportional sorrow and dissatisfaction in their heart.  
God is the same. When God loves humans, He must love them from the position of a son or daughter. This is an ironclad principle. You all claim to be the sons and daughters of God, but do you feel a sense of God as your Father? Do you feel that you are undoubtedly His sons and daughters? No matter how much you try to feel it, it is difficult to feel it in reality.  
It seems that God is clearly there, but it feels as if He is not. What is the greatest act of unfilial conduct? It is to say that there is no father when the father is clearly there. That is the greatest unfilial act that cannot be forgiven. Even if one is recognized as a filial child by the state, if they say even once in front of their father, "I have no father," they commit the highest unfilial act that cannot be forgiven.  
Today, there are people in the world who say that God is dead. Saying that God does not exist is slightly better. Those who claim that God is alive and blinking yet say He is dead must realize that the day of judgment is approaching for them. You may not know this because you are not in that position, but those people must be judged. Who judges? It is not the teacher who judges, but God who judges.  
God's Heart of Sorrow  
What kind of person should the model human that humanity pursues be? God feels sorrow because He has lost the substantial object of love. He is sad because the son, the substantial object of love, has died. No matter how bold a revolutionary leader may be, when their son dies, tears will fall from their eyes. Is there anyone who can say they do not shed tears? The broader the field and environment, the more tears they will shed proportionally. The tears of an ordinary person end with that person, but the tears shed by someone with central connections affect the entire environment along with their story. Those who do not share in the sorrow of that central figure are traitors, aren’t they?  
Then, what kind of God is God? If God truly stands in a father-son relationship with us humans, and if He told Adam and Eve that they would die if they ate from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and merely watched, then such a God is unnecessary. That kind of God must be overthrown. While the phrase "overthrow" may sound harsh…  
When Adam and Eve were about to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, would God have said, "Just as I was worried, it is happening. Go ahead a little more"? No. His heart would have been constricted, and all His senses would have been drawn into one place. He would have been in a position where He could not think of anything due to the indescribable anguish and sorrow, saying, "You must not eat that."
was. Would such a God just watch while Adam and Eve ate from the tree of knowledge of good and evil? He had a sword and wanted to cut through history, to slice through this world, but He could only lament His own position where He could not do so. 

Christians say that it was the snake that whispered and led them to eat. They are fools who do not even understand how principles work. So, how pitiful and miserable must God have felt? He was more pitiful than anyone in history, more sorrowful than anyone, and more miserable than anyone. At the moment Adam and Eve ate from the tree, He had a heart that felt like it was exploding with sorrow. However, God could not help but love them. You must understand this.

Seeing the fallen ancestors of humanity, God could not be happy. For example, if a grandfather and grandmother, along with the townspeople, put their heart and soul into having a precious seventh-generation descendant whom they cherished and loved, and then that child suddenly died, what would the parents’ hearts feel like? Parents with children know well.

The bond formed through the fallen lineage began with a motive, and the subject of that motive is God. So, how frustrated must God have been? You cannot know if the child you raised will become a criminal, a traitor, or a scoundrel.

However, Adam and Eve, the children God created, were representatives that could not be found in any historical context. Here, God loves them completely. The bond is formed with deep feelings. If our human ancestors had become that way, when asked about God's love, there would be no need for explanation. The power of love transcends explanation. Do young men and women feel attraction after puberty because they learned it? Is it because they went through a formal process of what a man should be and studied at some university?

God wanted us humans to love one another. However, that love is greater than a mother's love for her precious seventh-generation descendant. Moreover, that love cannot be blocked, explained, or clarified by anything in heaven and earth. All of that content can only be expressed in that way. 

How much did God want to love humanity? If He had seen love… how wonderful it must have been!

The greatest religion must proclaim such love. When we see this, God, as the ancestor of humanity, must stand in the position of the original ancestor centered on Adam and Eve and love humanity. Then, was there anyone who was loved from that position? Confucius, Buddha, and Jesus did not receive that love. They tried to receive it but could not. That is why they must come again. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father except through me." There, Jesus did not mention love. This was because the time for love had not yet come. He must carry that life as life eternally to cross over to God, but He could not because the time for love had not yet arrived. Furthermore, the concept of love had to be passed through. When I say such things, they call me a heretic; did the teacher say anything unreasonable?

The highest religion among religions is the one that proclaims love. Religions that do not do so are all useless. You must understand that religions that only advocate ethics and morality are merely superficial religions. When we think this way, how did Christianity become a global religion today? It is because it teaches love while also teaching that God is the Father of humanity. Jesus came to this earth and confidently proclaimed, "I am the representative of the Lord of Heaven. I am the bridegroom. I am the only begotten Son of God." Just with this alone, it could not help but become a global religion. If Christianity, which claims such things, did not become a global religion, it would lead to the conclusion that God does not exist.

When discussing love, there is no other religion that delves into the depths of the heart's marrow and expounds on the love of a father, the love of a husband and wife, and the love of children except Christianity. Because God could not have such a position, it became a grievance due to the fall, and in order to resolve this, Christianity had to emerge as a global religion.

Therefore, the returning Lord must come to liberate the nations as the Son of God, that is, as the subject of love. 

Before God, Adam and Eve should have received perfect love based on the laws of creation, but since such a man has disappeared from this earth, he must be restored. Since such a man has disappeared, there must be a foundation to fill that void and rise to a position beyond what was lost to receive God's love.

That is why Jesus said, "I am the only begotten Son." There are many who pretend to be the Son of God, but God's love is not something anyone can receive. There are many places where the term father is used, but just because someone says father does not mean they are a father. True love pours out from the depths of the heart. The place where one can bring forth all of that love is precisely the place where the term only begotten Son can arise. That Son is not different from you in hands and feet, nor in eyes. The original love that was buried in God's heart became God's grievance due to the fall, and by breaking all of that, He becomes the Son of God who first appears in heaven and earth, possessing all of God's love.

When we see this, Jesus is the Messiah who will save all people centered on love. He is the Savior who restores humanity's lost authority as the Son of God. He is also the main character who restores the position of children. He came as a man in this way. However, since a man alone is not enough, He needed to find a bride. But because Jesus could not fulfill His will and desire in the process of finding a bride and died, He left behind the ideal of returning.

The 6,000 years of history until now have been a restoration history seeking a man who can be grafted into God's love. Those who can appear before heaven as a man and be governed by the laws of God's love are the victorious examples, the standards set by saints, martyrs, and great people. Many figures, including Confucius and Buddha, are included in this. Just as great endeavors require the necessary conditions behind them, many religions are needed to lay the global foundation for Christianity.

That is why until now, history has been about finding a representative man. Men have a mindset of wanting to take control of the world for themselves. This is true for all men. Women also cannot do so, but their hearts are like that, right? Why is that? Those who cannot take control of the world do not qualify as children of God. 

Think about the stars of the universe turning. The great ones turn as great, and the small ones as small, countless stars are turning properly without rest. Yet, remarkably, they have not collided and have come this far safely. The one who created this universe is our Father. This is an astonishing fact.

When the teacher was captured by communists in the past and was beaten, the whipping was very severe, but he resolved that no matter how much he was beaten, he would not fall. He thought that if God were to strike him with a club, he would be crushed to pieces. The teacher has experienced such beatings. The one who gave such tremendous strength is God. That person is indeed our Father.

These days, even if a signboard or fence is big, people boast about it, but to think that such a being is our Father is something to be proud of. Even if we love Him for a thousand years, it is still a short time. Wouldn’t it be so? When you truly come to know such a God, you will be grateful whether you die, live, or serve; you will simply be grateful no matter what happens. You have come to know the authority of the subject who can govern this vast universe at any moment, so you can boast for eternity.

The teacher is not saying this to introduce himself. He was born and opened his eyes to find that he had become a son. But can you say that you want to kill that Father? Can someone who has no ambition to make this earth all their own become a child of God? It cannot be done. Without such ambition, one cannot grasp the entire world.

If you become a child of God, you will receive an inheritance. This is because you have become a being with an unbreakable, privileged bond that can endlessly love. That bond cannot be severed by money or destroyed by atomic bombs. No matter how much anyone threatens or says anything, they cannot deny the fact that He is my Father.

So, what kind of person will the exemplary man who is coming be? He will be the one who comes to govern the universe.

Then, where will the current of restoration flow? It would have been nice if a man and a woman centered on God's love had held a wedding ceremony in God's presence, wouldn’t it? If you ask pastors or churchgoers whether God, the Father of humanity, has ever married His sons and daughters, they would say, "Oh, how could I know? God…," and they cannot answer. They do not understand the fundamental issue. Then, who married God's sons and daughters? It was Satan. It was the devils who said it was good and married them. It is a shocking matter.

Thus, since humanity has fallen, a perfect man must come. Who was the motive for humanity's fall? It was a woman. That is why women have walked a sorrowful history of being exploited by men until now. It has been unjust. Therefore, in the Unification Church, women must take the lead. Do you agree or disagree? Even if you have opposed it until now, from now on, you must agree and take the lead.

Now, there are things like Miss Korea and Miss America. The movement that has intensified since the 1960s is merely a prelude to match the Mister. We know this providential content, but Christians do not know where this providence is heading. It is not always just about Misses. Mister will emerge. You must understand this. The bride must be prepared first before the bridegroom comes, right? When the time comes for excellent young women to be prepared globally, the Mister will come. He will come as a global Mister.

This is what each religion refers to as the returning Lord, the Maitreya Buddha, the True Person, and the thought of the return. You must understand this. The Mister that God sends with a first-class letter is the global Mister. How wonderful would it be to meet Him? When He comes, all the men of the world will leap and praise Him. How magnificent is that? Even though He came wearing the crown of the fall, He has found the Mister. From this perspective, religion is wonderful. The teacher understood that. However, it is not enough for just the shell to have a first-class letter attached. The first-class letter must be attached inside. When that letter is visible outside, it can be recognized, but when it is inside, who can know it by any skill? Just because something looks bad on the outside does not mean it is bad on the inside. Those who have been cursed know how to truly curse.

When the true Mister appears—when God's laughter bursts forth—many people say, "May the Unification Church perish, perish," but the Unification Church will never perish. Last time, I asked someone who does not even go to church what they think of the Unification Church, and they said something about it. They said, "The Unification Church's Moon Sun-myung is not such a frivolous person. If he is going to do it, he will do it magnificently; why would he do something foolish?" For decades, the teacher has been doing this work, and while pastors have their eyes blazing, calling the Unification Church a heresy, someone like Shin Sa-hun calls the Unification Church a terrifying heresy. Is the teacher really that terrifying? Seeing that they say it is terrifying, it seems they were surprised at some point. Did the teacher ask them for food? He did nothing. The teacher was too busy with his path to have time to debate with them.

"Oh, those guys just know how to fight…," but that is a misunderstanding. He has laid the groundwork for the world while being cursed and beaten. However, there is a true value in the Unification Church that no power or authority can take away. The teacher is proud of that. When people from Christianity first come and hear the teacher's words, they are so shocked that they almost fall over. For the sake of the Unification Church, one must be able to take responsibility for all that is deemed bad. One must become such a Mister. This is said in reference to men. If you were born a man and do not have that much ambition, do not come to the Unification Church. It is okay if you do not come.

If the teacher were to say to all of you to come out, would you come? If he said to go underground, would you go? If he said to climb the mountain, could you go? "Oh, I am a woman, so I cannot do that." Will that work? Will you only fight on the mountain? You must be prepared to fight even under the sea; if you can fight on the mountain, you will win without problems. That is how the members of the Unification Church should be. That is why the teacher has decided to train them rigorously. If such words make you feel uncomfortable, do not come. This place is not for frivolous people who just look for hints. You must understand that there is a parental heart here that cannot be exchanged for a million or ten million dollars. To become a child of God, one cannot be frivolous. Such words come from those who would be in the world of Satan, like mudfish.

If there are such people, I want to say to them to leave. The teacher wants you to become the kind of person he desires. Those who left did not leave because of the teacher. They left because they did not want to suffer a loss. When I see such things, there are times I feel disgusted. There have been times I felt bad. However, even if I feel bad, the teacher must endure; what else can be done? Why does the teacher endure? It is to create a global Mister. To create a global Mister, all preparations must be made, and endurance is necessary. If He comes and says, "Let’s go to North Korea to catch Kim Il-sung," would you want to go? Raise your hand if you would go. If it is a place where you can go while eating well, living well, and even humming a tune, then anyone in the world can go.

A true person does not prepare in such a place. Do you understand? Asceticism is not done in the secular world. It is done in high, isolated places, in difficult places that no one knows about. That is the excellent nature and essence of asceticism.

However, the young women of the Unification Church think, "If I look this good, I won't fall behind anywhere," and they look in the mirror and do this and that; if such a person gets caught by the teacher, just wait and see! If such words make you feel hurt, please leave.

When He carries the banner of youth and marches through the world, all beings in the heavenly world and nations must welcome Him. Confucius and Jesus must all raise their hands and welcome Him. Then, God's laughter must burst forth, and it should feel good, shouldn't it? When has God ever smiled? For 6,000 years, He has been hoping for His dead sons and daughters to come back to life, and while talking about resurrection and such, how could a God who looks at dead children smile? That God is the one who cannot fall even if sacrifices are made to fall.
the true olive tree will come and cut off the fallen human beings who are like the wild olive tree. 

This is the moment when the true parents of humanity will emerge, and the wedding feast of the Lamb will take place. It is the time when God, who had intended to hold a wedding ceremony for Adam and Eve 6,000 years ago, will finally be able to do so, having overcome the division caused by fallen humanity. 

This is the essence of the Second Advent. The true parents will come to restore humanity, and through their union, the true lineage will be established. 

The concept of the chosen people is not limited to a specific nation or the people of Israel alone. God is one, yet throughout history, various ideologies such as Hellenism and Hebraism have emerged, which have stabbed at the heart of God. 

If the people of Israel had fully understood Jesus at that time, they would have become the ruling nation of the world. However, because they killed Jesus, they have suffered for 2,000 years as a result of that sin. Then, in 1848, a new era began with the emergence of a new heavenly lord on this earth, leading to liberation and the advent of a new historical era. A history without a counterpart and without a purpose is destined to fail. 

Today, what is the Unification Church doing? It aims to blow away the people of Israel and establish the Republic of Korea as the Third Israel. I have this ambition. If that makes you uncomfortable, then those who feel that way are traitors to the Korean people! Even if it seems impossible, it is necessary. Even if it sounds like a lie, it must be done for the Korean people. 

If it is possible, why do you keep opposing it without even listening? To establish Korea as the Third Israel centered around the Unification Church is a magnificent endeavor! Jesus, who came to find the Second Israel, swallowed his tears and carried the cross to his death, but when the Third Israel establishes its authority, it will be able to claim to be the only nation with the lineage to welcome the Lord who comes from heaven and earth. The church that is doing this work is the Unification Church. 

This is not because I am exceptionally intelligent or have extraordinary wisdom. I have never thought of such things. Nor am I doing this because I want to stand in front of others. There is a tremendous secret behind it, and I have no choice but to walk this path. 

The Second Israel formed the chosen people but could not fulfill its purpose, so we must now transfer the concept of the chosen people to the Third Israel. In order to do this, a leading group that raises a new banner in the world must endure persecution and hardship, and this group is the Unification Church. History cannot deny the fact that it is marked by the revolution of the persecuted. Do not lament being chased and driven away. You must have the autonomy to rise above your position and place your hopes in a greater cause. 

If you have such a mindset and ideology, do not lose heart. You must recognize that hope shines in the future and that new sprouts are emerging. No matter what is written in people's records, do not be discouraged; instead, you must have the foundation to establish a new purpose and assert it. The ideology that serves as that foundation is the Unification Church's unificationism, and we will conquer the world with this unificationism. 

External hardships may weigh down our bodies, but our ideology centered on unificationism cannot be conquered. 

People say that the Unification Church is a bleak and terrifying organization. But do we hang out a sign and serve it up? If you look closely, there is nothing there. Moreover, it is rumored that the Unification Church is wealthy, yet there are only a few thousand won in my wallet. However, if I want to do something, there is nothing I cannot accomplish. It may seem like there is nothing, but there is; it may seem like there is, but when Satan comes, there is none, and when God comes, there is. 

The ideal world cannot be achieved with only the facts we have learned so far. 

What you need to understand now is how to unleash your pride and autonomy as chosen people in your hearts. You must become Unification Church members who can work hard even in a dying fate, in an environment where life hangs in the balance. Only then can life be resurrected from the dead. You must possess that strength. What enables you to enter such a position? It is God's love, the original love. 

With the heart of a parent, using the body of a servant, let us shed sweat for the earth, tears for humanity, and blood for heaven... Who will recognize this if the leader of the Unification Church does it? 

Those who can do this will triumph over sin. Is there anyone here who wishes to become such a person in this world? Since you have not yet received your certificate and are still in training, should you push harder to reach the stage of victory, or should you stop here? You need to endure a little more hardship and push a little harder. If you think that is good, raise your hand. 

If I were you, I would not just sit idly by. I have paved this path and prepared a background that you do not know about. Thus, after going through various trials, I have survived and am here to meet you again today. In the future, I do not know whether I will live or die, but in any case, we have met like this. 

Some people say that the Unification Church is dogmatic. However, the absolute is connected to the highest dogmatism. Therefore, without going through the highest dogmatic process, one cannot stand on a true standard. The question is whether that dogmatism can preserve eternity and defend the truth. Dogmatism alone is not enough. Do you understand what I mean? 

What I am saying is that I am speaking from a perspective that looks ahead of this era. When I ask people what I know, they respond, "How can I know what I have not learned?" However, those who do not know because they have not learned can only do what is within the scope of their learning. 

To create a new ideal world in our human realm, we must have the power to act on the unknown, not just the known facts. What is done at that time is not done by one's own strength but by providence. 

We are saying that we must return from the evil people to the chosen people, and from the chosen people to the heavenly people. Becoming a chosen person does not automatically make one a heavenly person. True parents must emerge. Thus, with the authority of the heavenly people, we must create heavenly sons and daughters. 

Hearing such words may raise doubts because of their immense content. If you want to know whether the person called Moon is real or fake, pray to God for a decisive prayer. If he is fake, it would be a serious matter, so please examine it carefully. 

You must abandon your conceptual lifestyle and conceptual mindset. You must instill a lifestyle as a member of the Unification Church in that place. The lifestyle of the Unification Church is the perspective of the heavenly people. Do you understand what that means? 

How should we enter the hopeful heaven we are to go to in the future? Because Adam and Eve fell together, they have sown wrongly from the beginning, and thus we must reap accordingly. Therefore, a group must emerge that can step on and suppress that. 

This world has continued to give birth to fallen humans because Adam and Eve fell, just as beans grow from beans and red beans grow from red beans. 

The history of humanity began when Adam and Eve, at the age of 16, left God's providence and loved according to their own desires. The corruption of today's youth can be seen as a result of that. Just as we can harvest fruit in the fall, the youth's corruption is a harvest of the seeds sown wrongly by their ancestors. The Unification Church has come to completely eradicate these issues. 

If you enter through force, you must conquer by force; if you enter through intellect, you must conquer by intellect; and if you enter through authority, you must become those who can conquer by authority. Thus, you must uproot the roots of evil. 

To escape from the historical adversities that have been woven together until today, true parents must emerge. Because of the emergence of false parents, a history of lamentation has been woven until today, so true couples and true parents must appear between heaven and earth. The existence of God at the center of Christianity as the bridegroom and bride is, in this respect, the prepared environment for the teacher, the hope among hopes, and the hope that fulfills the purpose of restoration. 

Because history has gone awry, unless a standard is presented on this earth, a new world cannot be pioneered. This is the heavenly principle. Bringing humanity closer to God and allowing God to reside in humanity is the essence of Christianity. Now, what must the Bible reveal? It must uncover the fundamental issues. This is why the Unification Church faces opposition. 

How does the Lord come on the clouds? If he comes by airplane, that might be understandable, but the Lord does not come on the clouds. Speaking like that will lead to accusations in the spirit world for thousands of years. If he were to come by airplane, that would be understandable, but saying he comes on the clouds does not make sense. Those with delusional faith are calling the teacher a heretic while being heretics themselves. 

If I were to speak to world scholars, I could completely subdue them within 30 minutes. I have the confidence to make them tremble. 

The day when the relationship of living in accordance with the heavenly principles established by parents is set on this earth will see the history of human morality and ethics established in heaven and earth. 

What is the cause of the many unfortunate young men and women who are escaping from their families today? It is because the love aligned with the laws of heaven has been lost. Therefore, the true parents must manifest in order to establish God in those families. 

In the future, Jesus cannot come alone to be the savior. When he saves us, how must he do so? He must do so from the position of a parent. If a child is drowning and the parent says to the sibling, "Your younger sibling is drowning; please save them," that parent is a fake. God is the true loving father, and thus he himself comes to this earth to save humanity directly as a parent. 

When a child is groaning in the world of death and cries out for salvation, it is the parent's heart that desires to save them. That is why Jesus was sent to establish a bridge that could facilitate this. Through that bridge, he intended for humanity to open the door to salvation as human beings in the position of parents. Therefore, in this end time of heaven and earth, parents must come. 

The Unification Church is an absolute religion. 

The wedding feast of the Lamb must take place, where the bridegroom welcomes the bride. This feast is the moment when God, who intended to hold a wedding ceremony for Adam and Eve 6,000 years ago, can finally do so, having overcome the division caused by fallen humanity. 

This is the essence of the Second Advent. The true parents will come to restore humanity, and through their union, the true lineage will be established.
The grafting of the true olive tree onto the wild olive tree of this world is to transform the wild olive tree into the true olive tree and complete the kingdom of heaven on earth. Isn't this God's purpose of creation? Yet, what do they say about coming on clouds to hold a thousand-year feast? Christians who think about holding a feast without even preparing what bread to offer or what clothes to give when the Lord, the bridegroom, comes are truly pitiful.

Therefore, in the future, a religion that can save all people must emerge as parents. In this regard, I can assert that the Unification Church is an absolute religion. From the perspective of religion, it must become the savior of families that can save the world, establishing principles that all families can agree upon, such as "this is how a family should be." A family established according to heaven's providence, heavenly principles, and heavenly paths must be set forth. Thus, we must quickly save families all at once. Through the principles of salvation of families, parents must follow, and children must follow so that the entire family can go to heaven. Would it be good if the father goes to hell and the mother goes to heaven? As the savior of the family, we must complete the mission of the savior of families and then rise as the savior of tribes, nations, and the world to establish a new world on this earth.

Until now, we must break down all the cultural spheres created by countless ethnic groups or diverse races and create a single cultural sphere. In other words, an ideal world equipped with a God-centered family system, a God-centered social system, and a God-centered national system must unfold. Such a principle is the completed Adamism that has not fallen. It is not communism or democracy; it is Adamism. That is the process of seeking Godism. A principle is a staff that seeks a certain purpose. The principle itself is not required; it is a necessary process to achieve the purpose, so this principle changes. Today, America is considered the leading country of democracy, but in the future, it will become corrupt due to money and will come to dislike democracy. Such a reality is already unfolding in the Republic of Korea. Democracy is good, but in our country, various schemes are being carried out due to money, and battles are being fought to seize power. Is that democracy? It is a phenomenon occurring in a state of privilege.

The Unification Church is proclaiming theism. If you look closely at the Unification Church, it is very idealistic. While at home, people are busy guarding their houses with brick walls and iron gates, here everything is open. Therefore, one can interact in all directions—east, west, south, and north. When sitting here, one does not want to go to the city. When thinking about going home, one wonders, "Oh, once I enter that iron gate, when will I come out?" So, they do not want to go home. As a result, family members have caused the teacher to receive unnecessary scolding.

What is theism, which is also discussed in the Principle Study Group? We are building heaven centered on families in the world. That is why the Unification Church conducts mass wedding ceremonies. Do you understand? Right now, mass wedding ceremonies are seen as something terrible, but in the future, when people are desperate, they will cry out, "Please save me!" and no one will help them. The teacher does not do this because he is less capable than anyone else. There is a historical mission that must be fulfilled, so he carries out such work with a value greater than life. Even if he faces persecution, exclusion, and criticism from society, he cannot avoid it. At first, there was a tumult over who would give up our bride, our husband, our son, our daughter. At that time, the teacher thought to himself, "Although they do not know now, in a year or two, they will surely say, 'The Unification Church teacher may not have done much, but he found us a good son-in-law. He found us a good daughter-in-law.'" In the past, those who used to oppose him with their eyes bulging now bow and greet him as Unification Church members.

One by one, they begin to criticize from a new perspective. They say, "If you want to swallow the Unification Church, go ahead." If you have any ideology that can swallow Unification Church members or the person of the Unification Church, then go ahead and try. However, the teacher goes out with the confidence that he cannot be completely swallowed. Even while being beaten and suffering by the communists, he thought, "I will set the conditions to take revenge and strike back at these guys." Since they struck him first, the teacher's act of striking back is establishing the law of justice. The teacher understood that raising a whip to strike for the sake of establishing the law of justice is not a sin.

Unification Church youth, we must reclaim our homeland. Believing in the Unification Church is to reclaim our parents from our homeland and to reclaim our families, tribes, nations, and the world from our homeland. Do you understand? To do that, we must restore what has been lost. Adam and Eve lost their authority and dignity as God's sons and daughters who could inherit the great mission of heaven and earth due to their fall. They also lost the family origin that could receive blessings by becoming one in heart with God. As a result, they gave birth to false sons and daughters, leading to false tribes, false nations, and a false world.

What must we reclaim as we stand on the path of restoration today? We must reclaim the True Parents and the love of the True Parents and become the bloodline children of the True Parents. Thus, we must form the tribe of the True Parents, the nation of the True Parents, and the world of the True Parents, establishing the great law of heaven and offering a foundation of reconciliation to God. This is theism of the Unification Church. If there is a principle greater than this, pack your bags and go away for countless years. You will eventually return here. The teacher knew this, so despite being scorned, chased, and trampled upon like a beggar, he did not perish. Even in the midst of persecution, he did not perish. Now, he sees those who treated him that way dying before him, witnessing their downfall.

For restoration, tradition is necessary. So what is the main thought for restoration? It is welfare construction. Good words are all found in the Unification Church. There is also much greed. The ideal kingdom of heaven, the world of freedom, the garden of love, the flower garden, all of these are listed here. This is centered not on any individual of the Unification Church but on absolute Godism. Since God is our loving parent, the parent must be joyful and supremely happy for the children to be happy. Therefore, we must construct welfare.

From this perspective, do you love the teacher or hate him? Honestly, tell me. Do you love him? "Yes." When the teacher was imprisoned, people came swarming like bees, fighting to visit him, showing that you love the teacher. When the teacher was imprisoned due to the Ewha Womans University incident, there was much talk about how the Unification Church was. Looking back now, it feels like a dream. The faces of those who tormented the teacher in prison are still vivid in my memory. They said, "Is this guy a Unification Church member? He is handsome!" So the teacher thought to himself, "Yes, this kid is right; I am handsome." Until the dirt enters my eyes, I will keep an eye on those guys. The teacher is not a spineless person without bones. Even externally, he has confidence that he will not lose to anyone in the world. And when he is loved by his parents, he is born as a son who is loved more than anyone else. At that time, the teacher thought in his heart, "During the months I am here, let’s see if you bow your heads to me or not."

Even though rumors about the teacher spread widely in prison, he did not say a word. Everyone liked the teacher. So many people came to visit him. Those who treated the teacher poorly would come to meet him, and the teacher would already discern their hearts and scold them, saying, "You little rascal, do not come to me with that kind of heart in the future." By the time he was about to leave prison, they would ask him, "Is there anything you would like to eat?" The teacher would reply, "I do not want to eat anything; you all eat."

Moreover, there was a pastor who initially came with a fierce attitude, saying the teacher was a heretic and an enemy, asking, "What on earth is your doctrine?" Eventually, he began to come regularly at a set time and became quite friendly. As the rumors spread, even the prison warden wanted to meet the teacher. The disciples who entered with him followed and served the teacher diligently, and people said, "Even though the world is scolding and opposing the Unification Church, they are so persistent; indeed, the teacher of the Unification Church is a remarkable person."

The position of the Unification Church teacher is such that it is humble yet precious, a position that cannot be replaced by anyone else. No matter how loud someone shouts, they cannot take that place. Even presidents like Nixon or Johnson in America would run away if asked to take the place of the Unification Church teacher. If the teacher were to entrust that position to them and go to a place where he could only take one step after ten steps in a rocky cave, they would still come to find him there. The leadership of the Unification Church cannot be taken by just anyone. Only one person can do it.

For restoration, tradition is necessary. Tradition is needed to manage the world. The communists are doing everything possible to spread their ideology without holding back. In response, we must construct welfare. To do that, there must be a starting point for welfare construction. That starting point is the homeland. Humans who have lost their homeland, who are nostalgic for their hometown, must find their homeland through the painful path of restoration and the difficult journey of indemnity. Before the happiness of the nation, we must establish a path of happiness leading back to our homeland to liberate that nation.

To seek welfare, we must have a base. To go to the homeland, we need parents and siblings. That is why we call each other family in the Unification Church. Do you understand? As family members who have resolved grievances for thousands of years and have been found, we are bound together as brothers with one heavenly parent, an unbreakable bond. Unless the sentiment of family, which has a closer connection than anything else in the world, overflows in our lives, the ideal of unification cannot be realized.

You said you love the teacher, right? "Yes." Then do you want to visit the teacher's hometown? "Yes." The teacher's hometown is Jeongju in North Pyongan Province, but in the past, people thought of those from Pyongan Province as distant relatives. The teacher is from that lineage. If he were born in the past, he would be someone unrelated to you. But what about now? How much connection is there? Is it domestic, global? Is it absolute? Such words do not exist, right? Still, try to answer. "It is absolute."

In our Unification Church, we said we must find the homeland for welfare construction, but whose homeland must we find? Should we go to your homeland, or should we go to the teacher's homeland? "The teacher's homeland." To do that, we must drive out all the communists from the North, and for that, we must arm the entire 30 million people with unification thought. The teacher has hunted rabbits and deer many times. I might take you all to a nearby place. Moreover, I might take someone who has a lifelong wish and a grievance that has been held for thousands of years. Would you like to take them? "Yes."

To unify 30 million people, we must arm the entire 30 million with unification thought. What is unification thought? It is the thought of the teacher. We must instill the thought of the teacher into all 30 million people to arm them ideologically. When hunting deer, if you gently drive the fawns, they will initially hide in the crevices of rocks, but as you drive them up, they will go all the way to the top, reaching a point where they cannot escape. At that point, they will cry out, "Please save me!" and can be caught. National defense is the same.

Until now, the state has opposed the Unification Church. However, we let them dig as they please. Even if they dig, the unification thought will eventually be recognized before this nation and people. That is why the teacher has been busy. For the past six or seven years, he has paved this path while being scorned by this nation and people.

In the North, where the red masses cover the mountains and rivers, there is the hometown of the teacher whom you love and follow. Eventually, there will come a time when you must go to this teacher's hometown. Many nations and humanity following unification thought and unification ideology will one day bow down to that place as their homeland of restoration. There will come a time when you will want to love your hometown, die for it, and be buried in its soil. This is what unification ideology is about: to create a nation that the whole world admires and longs for. That time will surely come.

When that time comes while the teacher is still alive, we must be able to sing songs of peace and praise God. If we cannot, it will be a grievance. Therefore, we must fight for the restoration of welfare and the reclamation of our homeland. This is the unification struggle.

Our goal is not to evangelize the Republic of Korea. The doctrinal thought of the Unification Church is to surround these cruel and vicious communist groups, force them to surrender, and completely expel them from this earth.

Looking at the urgent situations unfolding around us these days, the teacher feels sorrowful in his heart, pondering how this nation and people have come to this point. The Unification Church is being persecuted and chased away from this nation and people, yet they do not know that we have this ideology. In the not-too-distant future, if a third country finds this ideology and claims it as a national spirit to boast of its sovereignty, Korea will become a pitiful nation. You must understand that Japan is already surpassing Korea in that regard.

There are reports that government officials in Korea have only just learned about the Unification Church while traveling abroad. It is an embarrassing matter. I heard that someone went to America, and when a prominent figure asked if they knew about the Unification Church, they said they did not, and felt ashamed. We must recognize that the light is dim right under the lamp. In this situation, we must awaken to a new consciousness. As a global third Israel, we must establish a posture that is not ashamed of having privileged authority. Having been born inheriting the spirit and blood of the Korean people, we must eliminate the misery of this nation and leave a new tradition. This is the belief of the Unification Church. Therefore, the activities of the Unification Church are absolutely necessary for this nation.

That is why, when we look at the shining sunlight, we must yearn for the kingdom of freedom. We must envision the day when all people, including mountains and trees, can rejoice. And for that tomorrow, I must work today.
You must become those who are determined not to spare any effort. Otherwise, you must clearly understand that you do not have the qualifications to be a member of the Unification Church. When you pick up a spoon to eat, you must be resolved to drive out the villains of this land, and when you pick up chopsticks, you must be burning with the determination to eliminate all the villains on this land. You must keep in mind that you are a hidden warrior and a messenger of heaven, who is always ready to establish the heavenly kingdom of goodness, the Third Israel. It is our mission as Unification soldiers to hasten the path to the establishment of the Third Israel.

The teacher is a sensitive person who has the hope that the day will come when I will remove the villains from this land with my own hands. He is a person with a hot blood who cannot tolerate it if the whole family does not apologize after being hit once during his youth. He is a man with such indignation, yet he laughed at even the wretched beggars and women dressed like beggars selling goods, saying, "You are nothing but a member of the Unification Church!"

I remember when the world was fiercely opposing the teacher, he would ask elementary school second and third graders, "Do you know this person from the Unification Church?" Those children could not possibly know the teacher's face. At that time, he was wearing blackened clothes stained from military work and rubber shoes, so how could they recognize him? When he asked whether their mother said that the person from the Unification Church was a good person or a bad person, they replied, "Our mother is a Presbyterian, and she says the Unification Church is a heresy and will perish." At that moment, the teacher thought, "Well, they spread the rumor well." Who has spread the propaganda that blocks the foundation of this nation's hope in the hearts of those innocent children? It was the Christians. Should we confront them with force and destroy them? That cannot be done. They do not know, so we must pray for them.

The teacher longed for morning to come quickly when night fell, and when morning came, he did not wish for evening, and when evening came, he did not wish for night, while pioneering the path of a pioneer and a pilgrim, establishing today's Unification Church. You must understand that there are storms and snowstorms in this endeavor. The barriers of sorrow have blocked the teacher's path many times, but each time he overcame them. All those countless conditions of sorrow could not block the teacher's path. That has become the source of our lives today and the strength on heaven's side. Thus, the more we are opposed, the more we have set our sights on the world. This nation does not know, but our nation will become a nation welcomed by the world in the future, and although the 30 million people of the Republic of Korea do not know it today, the time we long for will surely come. Therefore, we must march toward the world in step. Wherever we go, we must fight with all our strength and sincerity to create a stage of freedom's paradise that cannot be blocked. Even if we fall, we must think of falling magnificently as the pride of a man and walk this path, which is the way of the Unification youth.

We must not forget the path of restoration. We must defend the path of restoration that Abel of the Adam family has sprinkled with blood. Noah, who was surrounded by a wicked environment for 120 years, also broke through the environment that led to death and must fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to him, defending the arduous path of restoration. Did Abraham not leave behind his happy homeland and become a wanderer, gazing at the stars at night and making the sounds of insects his friends during the day, following his destiny to leave a connection for restoration? Moses, who donned ragged clothes for the sake of Israel, which was being oppressed and suffering, also left a miraculous model for the act of restoration.

Thus, John the Baptist appeared to indemnify and restore the 4,000-year history of the Israelite nation. His entire life, preparing to follow the heavenly destiny while eating locusts and wild honey in the wilderness, was a presentation of the path of restoration. However, he could not receive Jesus, which became a lasting regret. Thus, the hope of Jesus, who sought to establish a heavenly kingdom on this earth, remains as a national sorrow today. When we think of how the world's Christianity has fought and shed sacrificial blood to establish a democratic world, we must understand how much blood has been shed and how many tears and sighs have accumulated in this effort.

The conditions of that sorrow and the requirements of blood have led to the ideology of unification. Therefore, we cannot be trapped in our own perspectives or living spheres today. With one heart, one mind, and one action, we must become a single bomb that will explode in the enemy camp at the right time. 

Even if arrows are crossed in this body and heart, and I suffer on the path of death, the teacher could not die while following the heavenly destiny, nor could he avoid this path. He has made patience his life philosophy until the day he can spread his wings and take a nap. However, it does not end with mere patience; he has come forth with the principles of the great way to repay the enemies of a sad life and to escape from evil to establish the origin of goodness. Therefore, you must establish a foundation of tradition that can shine forever in the name of unification and become the embodiment of God. When someone says, "You are nothing but a member of the Unification Church!" history must be moved. You must shed tears, sweat, and blood for the sake of heaven and earth and live a life that can connect with heaven and earth. This is the principle of life for the brothers and sisters of unification.

With such content and mission, it is heartbreaking to know that the Korean Peninsula is divided today. Last year, when the teacher went to Japan, he made a resolution regarding the Japanese Communist Party. The mission that the Unification Church has is to do what no one else, not even the Japanese people, the Liberal Democratic Party, or university professors, can do. When their order is established through our Unification Church, they will be astonished. Yet, they still insult the teacher personally.

The main thought of the Unification Church, which is the mainstream of the restoration providence, must be thoroughly armed with a solid foundation in the future. Thus, it must stand at the forefront of the entire nation. Without the resolution to dedicate one’s life for the will of heaven and the nation, one cannot become a loyal subject and filial child of God who can contribute to the world.

You must understand that there is an urgent story that God has been trying to resolve until now. We must find the comprehensive reality that all the teachings and thoughts in history, from Abel to Noah, Abraham, Moses, John the Baptist, and Jesus and his twelve apostles, and many Christians have hoped for until now. To do this, you must have the resolution to confront the enemies that appear in front of you and to drive them out while carrying the holy ideology of unification. Only those who have such a resolution and can manifest it in action can be members of the Unification Church. If you do not have that qualification, do not come. If you only love your own children, your own wife, and focus on your own home or relatives, do not come. If the teacher had done that, he would have become a better parent than anyone else. He would have been a husband who loves his wife more than anyone else and a father who loves his children more than anyone else.

However, because there is a greater mission to cross over a higher mountain, the teacher is walking this path. It is such a rough road that even parents could not understand. However, those who know this path must walk it. Even if tears and sweat flow, blood must appeal through blood. If it does not work once, try again; if it still does not work, try a third time, and if it still does not work, keep trying until it can be done. Those who have come forth have abandoned everything. What has been abandoned will be returned by heaven.

Even if this path takes decades, we must not forget that we are the Unification Church, which carries the mission of establishing a new Israel centered on this nation through the path of restoration. And we must think about whether we have made the determination that we can win in the path we must walk.

You must understand that when I perish, this nation and this people will perish, and when I prosper, this nation and this people will prosper. On the day of perishing, everything will be lost. The place of perishing is where one sells the nation for oneself, and the place of prospering is where one sacrifices oneself to save the nation. Therefore, you must have the pride that this 30 million people can live because of you alone and be able to boast of the dignity and authority of the Unification Church in front of this nation and this people. We must become such individuals, such families, and such a Unification Church. Thus, we must declare solemn authority and walk without a word. Only by laying the foundation for them to acknowledge and kneel down and follow can we determine the foundation of complete victory. We are not trying to persuade them through sweet words and means regardless of the methods. We must connect the traditional stories that can convince the opposing groups through actual results and tears, leading them to repentance and to join hands in resolution. Otherwise, we cannot bring this nation out as a newly resurrected historical nation. Otherwise, the ideology of the Unification Church will also be overturned.

This is the mainstream thought that the Unification Church must carry forward in the future restoration providence, and we must clearly understand this and practice our lives and social lives from this perspective. Therefore, we must build the ultimate goal of welfare. We must seek the homeland. Those who do not know how to love their homeland cannot love their nation.

<Prayer> Father, I look back on the decades from now. In those foolish times, when I knew nothing, I realize that your hand was behind the concern for the nation. In that time when I appealed to you without knowing anything, your voice quietly commanded me. I long for that time when I bit my lips and swore before you in a place where I shed tears and blood, rather than in a place where I sang and claimed happiness. I long for the place where I can boast of the heavenly connection, even when I am chased and oppressed, rather than in a place where humans interact.

The people of this land do not know, but we know that the path of the children going to heaven is such, and that the connections the children must make are in such places. Every time we resolve to voluntarily walk the path of death, heaven has woven that path into a path of resurrection that can be lived again.

Father, the children of unification have gathered here. Do not let them think of themselves as having anything. They have come to this place with nothing. The ideology of unification is the ideology that heaven has given us, and it is the ideology connected to heaven through practice on this earth. Since all of this has come from heaven, let it be gathered as heavenly things. In gathering, we do not want the words themselves to be gathered as they are. The words demand substance, and they want to find children who can lead the substance and follow behind it.

Many people may like the ideology of the Unification Church, but there are no people who can carry that ideology. Let them realize that it is your sorrow, Father, and let them become the substance that can carry your words. We must become those who have the authority to govern the words and the qualifications to judge with the words. Let them know that you are also looking for such sons and daughters.

We thank you for placing us in a position where we can know the heavenly connection through the emotional and internal stories that others do not know. We know that you have come to us one by one, allowing us to have infinite experiences that cannot be expressed even with the greatest sorrow. This is a historical fact that cannot be overlooked and cannot be laughed off; it is a serious and actual fact. Therefore, do not let us become those who lose the stories of living history.

Let us become seeds that sprout, branches that bloom flowers, and bear fruit, so that we can be the essence of fragrance that can be harvested in your holy garden of victory. We know how much you have labored to build the altar of unification until this day. We must become children who can reflect on whether the fruits of that labor are the individuals who remain here today and lament that we have not been able to unify before your will.

The purpose of holding onto the main thought of restoration is to establish your nation, Father. It is also to resolve the grievances of this nation, this country, and the world and to restore them. We earnestly hope and wish that you will allow us to walk the new path, which no one in the historical process has achieved through practice, in light of the tremendous fact that we must establish the ideology of the new heaven on this earth today.

Before the sorrowful heart of the Father, we must become the symbols of joy. We must comfort the Father, who is in the realm of suffering and lamentation, and become those who can amuse you, Father. Also, we must become sons and daughters who can make the Father, who was saddened by seeing us, forget that sorrow and now embrace us with joy. We must ensure that you cannot be sad when you see us.

We must become sons and daughters who can comfort the Father's heart, which worries about this nation, this world, and this land, and about the expansion of sin. We must be able to endure when you look at us. We must reaffirm this solemn and historical mission today and tomorrow. Father, remember the children gathered here. Are there any children who can inherit your traditional heart? Pour your love into them a thousandfold, ten thousandfold, so that they can stand anew before heaven and walk anew.

When we leave the group of unification, let us know that a sad path awaits. Let us realize that this path also contains a sorrow that cannot be lived without suppressing our hearts. 

We walk this path not because we have no parents on this earth, nor because we have no siblings, or because we lack a living sphere or wealth, but because we know of such misery. We have clearly understood that the path of unification is a path that cannot be walked without tears and cannot be walked without fighting, so let us become sons and daughters who can inherit this as a tradition.

Among the sons and daughters attending here today, there may be some who are seeing this teacher for the first time, and I wonder what I have left in their hearts today. Whether we live or die, let us be your children who can understand the teacher's earnest heart to devote everything for heaven and to cast aside everything for the earth. 

Do not let us become mere spectators, and amidst the mingling of tears...
With tears, we convey our feelings, struggle with tears, and realize that we must die together or live together. I earnestly hope and wish that you allow us to be your children who understand this. 

In the midst of intersecting sorrows, help us to understand how painful it is for our Father, who calls us today while letting go of His will. Help us also to realize how heartbreaking it is for our Father to suppress His tears for us. Allow us to understand that our Father seeks sons and daughters who can empathize with His sorrow and shed tears for it, thinking that their own sadness is nothing. 

We know that there is no place prepared anywhere in the three-thousand-ri peninsula to welcome our Father. When we think that there is not even one prepared village, house, or garden, we come to understand how frustrating and astonishing it must be for our Father to look upon this land. However, by our existence, and by not ceasing our determination to live and fight, we wish to create the conditions under which our Father can receive comfort. Therefore, allow us to be your children who can fulfill this. Father, I earnestly hope and wish for this. 

No matter what the world says, we must fulfill our mission and responsibility. How can we smile when our beloved mother and father have died? How can we rejoice when our beloved parents are grieving? I earnestly hope and wish that we may be children who are worthy to inherit all of our Father’s great works so that we can follow the path of the heavenly connection. 

As we have come before our Father with our lives, let us become a standard of evidence so that future generations can follow this path. I earnestly hope and wish that we can be a reality that can teach all people to go this way and inspire them. 

To the remaining nation and world, may we be without shame as we serve our Father, who has long awaited this day. May we offer all to our Father and return empty-handed, allowing us to be your sons and daughters who can shed tears and plead for the forgiveness of the sins of this land. 

Let us not be a group that takes good things for ourselves and rejoices, nor let us be a group that seeks to be happy alone with God. 

We must fulfill our responsibility to save all people and return to our Father. Centered on that standard, even if we become one with the grief of the ages, let us become sons and daughters who will be resurrected and practice on this earth. I earnestly hope and wish for this. 

Please remember all the children gathered here and allow us to be your children who deeply understand the profound circumstances of heaven, keeping in mind all the connections of this day. 

For the day we desire, may we overcome all difficulties through patience, and may we become a perfect being that does not become a loser in everything. I earnestly ask and wish that you lead us to be sons and daughters whom you can trust and rely upon. 

Bless your children who are pouring their hearts out towards this place today, and I earnestly ask and wish that you bless those who are eagerly awaiting the day we will meet on the battlefield around the world. 

Please assure us that the new era’s bell is ringing over numerous denominations and nations. I earnestly ask this in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

**The Duties and Responsibilities of Blessed Families**  
**<Summary of the Message>** We must recognize how great our duties and responsibilities as children are. The fulfillment of the responsibilities of the 36 families, 72 families, and 124 families has a truly significant impact. By fulfilling our responsibilities before heaven, these children become the foundation for the reconciliation of the living and the spirit world. 

The responsibility of this principle spans from the beginning of creation until the completion of restoration. 

Our lives until now have been a life of indemnity, and our future lives will be principled lives. 

The place established centered on the indemnity of the two worlds is the place of blessed children. 

The spirit world corresponds to the angelic world, while the physical world corresponds to the world of Adam. One man and one woman are not merely members of a family; they are each historical representatives. From the perspective of the past, they are in the position of indemnifying the past, and from the perspective of the present, they are in the position of indemnifying the present. 

The fall was caused by the children, and the children are the problem in restoration as well. 

The history of the Unification Church has lasted over 20 years, and if we look at it centered on the will, 7 years have passed. If we had come out with a conscious unity, we could have laid a global foundation. 

The 36 families have been too busy walking their own paths. 

From now on, we must awaken and play a central role. The 36 families represent countless families of the past. Until now, the conditions have not been such that God could rejoice. 

Removing sorrow from God’s history is the role of blessed families. The responsibility of blessed families is to raise joyful hearts in God and connect that joy to our lives. 

The 36 families are historical ancestors. They must establish the condition of having won and not having made mistakes. The 36 families must establish a foundation of joy. 

God, the Teacher, and you must be in a trinity of joy. You must not stand in the position of parents lamenting. The Teacher can serve God, but you must serve both God and the Teacher’s family. Therefore, the principle is that you must be more sincere and careful than the Teacher. 

How much time do you spend living with public responsibility each day? You must stand in a horizontal position and realize vertical history. 

I see that the spiritualists are attacking blessed families, and from the perspective of the will, it is truly frustrating. You must lay the foundation so that the Teacher can go to the spirit world and organize families. There can be no second coming centered on the Teacher who established the standard of blessing. 

The spirit world depends on you. The responsibility to mobilize the spirit world to the earth lies with you. 

The Teacher bears the cross for individuals, families, and children, and you must each bear the cross for your respective partners, families, and children. 

Have you been centered on God and become heavenly? Have you completely resolved God’s grief caused by the fall? 

If you will, your will must align with God’s will and the Teacher’s will. We must share in the struggles, sorrows, and joys together. 

In the days gone by, this much is enough. In the present, we must be able to say that this much can serve as an example. 

The 36 families must be the center of the 40-day activities. 

From the family to the church, and from the church to society, we must connect to restore the nation. 

You also bear responsibility for your ancestors, so when your ancestors see what you do, they should be able to rejoice. And your descendants should also be able to rejoice when they see it. 

As couples, you must live with proactive discussions centered on the will. 

The responsibility of the 36 families is important. While they have been established, the question is whether they are fulfilling their responsibilities as victorious children. 

If the spirit world feels regret, that will reflect on the earth. 

The spirit world and the earth exist for your families. You must bind these two worlds together and sincerely offer them before heaven. If this tradition is not established, the laws of heaven will not be established. 

The issue is how to establish a communal living system through the families of the trinity. If Satan can come and go as he pleases, it will be an authoritative family, not a family for the will. 

Everyone knows that the 36 families are remarkable. What will they learn from seeing these families? 

God is the grandfather, the Teacher is the father, and you are in the position of grandchildren. The three must share the same understanding. Originally, you should report on family life to the Teacher. Bad reports should gradually disappear, leaving only good reports. Only then will the family law be established. Originally, the Sabbath is for reporting, and the eighth day is for restarting. On the first day of each month, everyone must report together. 

Centered on the trinity, you must live together and share the same feelings. For three years, you must take turns bearing the responsibilities of the trinity. That is the principle of cosmic dominion. If you do not establish a family kingdom, you cannot enter heaven. You are in the position of saviors who can save the entire family. 

Even if three people give birth, one person must raise the children, ensuring that you can raise them. Only then can you achieve emotional unity. The hearts of the Teacher, Adam, and Jesus must align. If you cannot do this, you will not be able to stand in heaven. 

You must not let three families fight centered on your own children. If so, you must repent. You must live in one place while moving 12 rooms. 

Absolute life must be given to the Teacher’s words. You must absolutely obey the words. 

Originally, the trinity must live together for more than three years. Even if the children of the trinity are exchanged, they must feel the same. If you find that bothersome, you are a failing student. If one husband of a family in the trinity dies, do not worry. At such times, the remaining two families must take responsibility together. 

How far are we from the will? 

As we enter the second seven-year course, organize the living quarters of the 12 families. 

Satan loved Abel. You must establish a standard that Satan can acknowledge so that he will depart. 

If you bring the children of the families of the trinity to raise them, you must raise them with twice or three times the sincerity as your own children. 

If the families of the trinity cannot unite, how can we unify the world? 

The three nations must become one. 

You must love the world more than you loved the Lord. 

The Teacher has suffered persecution from three nations, three eras, and three sovereignties. 

The families of the trinity are one brotherhood. Therefore, if these three become one, they can conduct events in place of the Teacher. If you forget the trinity and focus on your own family, you will fail. 

Do not just replace the Teacher in name; you must replace him in responsibility and heart. 

The principle is that one family among the trinity takes responsibility for the lives of the three families, while the other two families must go out and evangelize. 

The 12 families must become one form and mold. They must communicate, connect, and desire to report to each other. 

This year of the second seven-year course is also passing by. Let us reflect on whether we are retreating or advancing. 

**What Kind of Day is Children's Day?**  
**<Prayer>** Father, today is November 20, 1968, the first day of the tenth lunar month, the day nine years ago when Children's Day was newly proclaimed on this earth. 

We have spent countless days and years since then. As we follow the path of the will, every time we attend such a gathering, we realize how far our appearance is from the standard our Father desires, and the more we think about it, the more we feel unworthy to meet our Father. Father, please look upon us with compassion. 

Father, I know that on this day, many children scattered throughout South Korea are gathering their hearts and sincerely worshiping before you at this headquarters. Not only domestically but also many of your children abroad, who are weary from lonely pioneering paths, are deeply contemplating the value of attending on this day, longing for the day they can celebrate this day in Korea, and praying with tears for that day. 

Although their circumstances and environments may differ, please be with them personally, look after their hearts and feelings, and grant them reconciliation. 

There are many religious people on this earth who are walking the path of the way and putting forth their sincerity; please help them find the place they desire and fulfill the glory of children, and may their hopes for a day of liberation be realized on this earth. 

I earnestly hope and wish that you will gather their hearts, which long for that place, so that they can actually meet our Father on this earth and join us in celebrating such a day. 

I know that countless prophets and ancestors in the spirit world have walked the path of indemnity for restoration for this land. I also know that when one individual cannot take responsibility, you have raised the next generation to pioneer the path of indemnity and restoration. 

Many of our ancestors in the spirit world have worked according to the will and established a foundation of justice, but they have not had a day of reconciliation on this earth. As we celebrate Children's Day on this earth today, we realize that we can achieve reconciliation, and I earnestly hope and wish that we can understand that celebrating Children's Day today has cosmic significance. 

Please do not let us think of this gathering as merely formal or as a traditional gathering of the world. We sincerely thank you and commemorate the fact that such a commemorative day has arisen for the first time since history began. Allow us to be your sons and daughters who can appreciate the tremendous effort you have made in pioneering the path of restoration with your love. 

Please remember your children gathered here, and although we feel regret that the members across the nation could not share this meal together, you know the circumstances that prevent this due to environmental conditions. Please comfort the hearts of those children who could not attend this gathering. 

We must quickly create the day when we can serve our Father freely, worship before Him freely, and celebrate freely. Each time we face such situations, let us realize that our hearts are filled with regret because of our inability to take responsibility, and may we feel a deeper sense of mission as pioneers for tomorrow, resolving to prepare the foundation for the restoration of our nation and the world. 

Today, there are also your children who attended here but are not present in this gathering; please hold their hearts and ensure that their paths and all their thoughts align with you and that they can walk with you at all times. 

Please let us clearly understand that the place where the unity of the people stands is a place of immense cosmic mission and is of utmost importance. Allow us to know that you are raising us individuals to resolve historical grievances, and let us fully recognize that you have established the framework for cosmic reconciliation through our families. May we be your children who can appreciate this tremendous mission and be grateful for the responsibilities entrusted to us. 

I earnestly hope and wish that you will add blessings upon the countless children celebrating this day. May you grant them a thousandfold, ten thousandfold, the overflowing grace that fills their hearts and bodies. I earnestly hope and wish that you will embrace and guide those children who could not attend this gathering with a uniform grace. 

May the remaining day today become a day of joy before your will and be commemorated as a holy day.
I earnestly hope and wish that the day will come when we can be allowed to be with You. May Your loving hand also be upon the countless nations spread across the world, so that they may become new nations prepared to return and come closer to the heavenly kingdom. The forces of evil still abound, so please break their momentum, establish the standard of goodness, and allow these children to initiate a direct history that can push forward. I sincerely hope and wish for this.

I vow to dedicate the remaining days to You, Father, and I once again pledge to make every effort to bring about the results of loyalty and devotion before Your will on this day. I hope and wish that this day will be one that brings joy to You, Father.

Please gather the many children who will come to this place in the future. May the ancestors in the spirit world be given the grace to work centered on the good descendants on earth who follow the true will, so that a direct history can occur to unite them on earth.

Father, I earnestly ask and wish that countless spirits in the spirit world be granted the victorious hope to be able to act centered on the earth, which is a free environment. Therefore, I sincerely hope and wish that such a day will be a blessing to them, a blessing to all people on this earth, and a blessing to the entire universe.

I earnestly ask that You personally oversee all matters from this time onward, and I have offered all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

<Word> Today is the 9th Children’s Day. What we must keep in mind every time our family celebrates Children’s Day is how precious this day is.

The Meaning of Children’s Day
After God created the heavens and the earth, He had to celebrate Children’s Day centered on Adam and Eve. If He had celebrated Children’s Day at that time, He could have established Parents’ Day from there, as well as a Day for All Creation, and God’s Day would have been designated.

So what kind of day is this Children’s Day? It is the day when children can triumph and enter the position of universal glory.

However, because humanity fell, since Adam, no one has been able to enter the position of glory that God could permit by winning in accordance with His will. Therefore, the history to restore humanity in such a position, the history to save them, that is, the history to bring them back to the original position, has been God’s providential history of restoration until now.

Then who is the Savior? The Savior is the one who comes to elevate fallen people to their original position. Children’s Day is not a day that is celebrated because it is particularly different from other days. Children’s Day is the first day that commemorates the fact that humans, who could not participate in the glory of God due to the fall, can finally participate in such a position after history.

If we follow those who have worked hard to bring us to this day, we can participate in such a glorious position. Therefore, today, if we members of the Unification Church follow the path that the Unification Church is taking, we will surely be able to stand in the position of the glory of children. Without celebrating this Children’s Day, we cannot receive salvation.

You will go to the spirit world. Jesus is also in the paradise of that world. However, Jesus must return to this earth. Why? Because He came with the mission of the Messiah from God but could not fulfill that responsibility, He must return. If someone goes on a business trip and finishes all their work, there is no need to go again. Because He left half of His mission unfinished, Jesus must return. Jesus could not participate in the position of glory as the Son of God because He did not fulfill all His responsibilities.

That is why Jesus has been praying until now. Prayer is what one does when what they hope for has not yet been realized, wishing for it to be fulfilled. It is asking God to provide strength to fulfill that. Therefore, to escape from such a place of demand, He must come back to this earth and complete His original mission. Without doing so, He cannot enter the position of victory.

Today, Christianity says that Jesus accomplished everything by dying on the cross, but that means He achieved spiritual salvation through His death on the cross, not complete salvation of spirit and body.

God’s ideal of creation is not to create a spiritual kingdom. He intended to establish a kingdom on this earth centered on Adam and Eve. Of course, He also wanted the children of Adam and Eve to live as citizens of the kingdom. However, throughout history, no one has established such a standard. Therefore, such families could not appear.

The Core of Truth is Father and Mother (Parents)
However, the fall did not happen solely because of Adam or solely because of Eve. Adam and Eve fell together. Thus, Adam and Eve became the ones who sowed the seed of resentment before God. Therefore, to uproot what they sowed, it must be done by both of them.

That is why Jesus came to this earth and established the standard of bride and groom. It is to completely uproot the bitter roots of sin that Adam and Eve sowed. To do this, He must come in the position of a parent and recreate the position of Adam and Eve on this earth and uproot it. Then who is the bridegroom Jesus? He is the Savior, but He is not an older brother; He must be in the position of a father. In other words, He must be in the position of a father who can directly give birth to us.

It is said that if you believe in Jesus, you will be resurrected. Resurrection means that life is born again. There is no way for life to be born again through an older brother. Without a relationship between a father and a son, one cannot be reborn. That is why Jesus is the Father, and the Holy Spirit is the Mother. The Holy Spirit spoken of in today’s Christianity is the Mother Spirit. Since Adam and Eve became false parents due to the fall, they must be restored to become true parents. However, if Adam and Eve had not fallen, becoming true parents would have been simple. The standard of human history is also simple.

Then what is the content of truth? No matter how good the content of truth is, it cannot replace one’s own mother and father, and no matter how good the content of truth is, it cannot replace one’s husband or wife, nor can it replace one’s children. What is the highest truth among truths? It is parents, spouses, and children. There is nothing beyond that. So what is the center of truth? It is love. When viewed through this principle, what is the center of the highest truth?

People say that God is the embodiment of truth, the embodiment of goodness, the embodiment of love, and the embodiment of life, but what does that mean? They are all the same. For truth to be established, love and life must be present.

For a person to be able to speak of true truth, they must have a desire and aspiration for truth within their life. Here, desire is relative to one’s own standard of character.

Therefore, what is the most essential core? The embodiment of life, the embodiment of love, and the embodiment of truth is God, and who is God? He is our human Father and at the same time our Mother. The core is parents. When viewed this way, God is a simple being.

We Must Love Jesus More Than Our Own Lives
So what has Christianity been doing for 2,000 years? It has been preparing to receive the bridegroom. The bride and groom must come among the people of this earth, with the bride being the Mother and the groom being the Father.

Then why do we need the Father and Mother again today? Because we humans were born wrong due to the fall, we must be reborn. That is why there is the term "born again."

You were born, but you are in a position as if you were born without parents. Therefore, you must go back into your mother’s womb and be born again. This has been the history of salvation until now.

To achieve salvation, both the Father and Mother must come together, but until now, only the Father, Jesus, has come. Jesus is the Father-like Savior, not an older brother-like Savior. So what should people who believe in Jesus do today? They must enter into the position of the seed of a son or daughter that is hidden in the bones of a bachelor before marriage. What will they do by believing in Jesus? Christians should strive to be like Jesus. Thus, they should become one with Jesus. Jesus must be in me, and I must be in Jesus... What does this mean?

Jesus has not yet married. So where does Jesus go? He goes to seek the seed of a baby that is in the man who has not yet entered the position of the bridegroom. And what must He do? He must give birth to that baby through the body of the bride, that is, the body of the mother. Without doing this, one cannot be born again. This is what is spiritually working in Christianity through the work of Jesus and the Holy Spirit.

Therefore, those who have not received the Holy Spirit cannot be reborn, and without going through the mother’s womb, one cannot atone for sin.

Then why does the Holy Spirit perform the work of washing away sin? Because the Holy Spirit is the Mother Spirit. Since Eve, the mother of fallen humanity, sowed sin, the Mother Spirit must come to wash away that sin. Therefore, according to the principle of atonement, the Holy Spirit comes to this earth to perform the work of washing away sin. Then what will happen after washing away sin? Humanity must be brought into a position where the Father can freely possess them, that is, they must enter into the position of the seed of a son or daughter that is in the bones of Adam before marriage.

That is why humanity must love Jesus more than their own lives. They must become one with Jesus. Both men and women must love Jesus. Men must long for Jesus to the point of forgetting themselves, and women must long for Jesus to the point of forgetting themselves. This is not a worldly matter. Is longing for one’s mother a worldly matter? Even if one’s husband or wife dies in this world, they must be able to say that they will not let go of Jesus.

In our Unification Church, when we say it is Children’s Day, this is not a simple matter. Everyone, children are male and female, right? What happens when you reverse the word "children"? It becomes "woman." When you look at "children" backward, the man disappears, and only the woman remains. So if you turn the world upside down, if you turn the principles of heaven and earth upside down, it is all women. This is just a saying, but there is such content in it. The fact that our Unification Church has established Children’s Day means that it has created a foundation that can uproot the seeds of sin that Adam and Eve sowed and liberate humanity from evil. Because humanity has not been able to establish Children’s Day, all of creation has not been liberated and has been in the realm of groaning, and God has also remained in the realm of groaning. Because we have not been able to have Children’s Day, we have not been able to find the Day of All Creation, and all creation has not been able to enter the position of glory. Thus, resentment has remained before all creation. Furthermore, we have not been able to celebrate a glorious day that would bring joy to God. The root cause of all this is that we have not been able to establish Children’s Day.

The True Meaning of Holiness
Therefore, what must be done to have Children’s Day? We must hold onto God from a foundation that can correct everything that has caused the children to be wrong. The sons and daughters who can correct what has caused God to be lost due to the actions of the wrong children must come forth and establish Children’s Day, thereby finding God. When we find God, what happens? God will go out to the position of glory and be joyful. When God is joyful, the sons and daughters will also be joyful, and all creation will be joyful.

Thus, the Unification Church has established Parents’ Day, Children’s Day, the Day of All Creation, and God’s Day. Children’s Day and Parents’ Day are interconnected. Children’s Day and Parents’ Day are established together. But what must be done to find them? When looking at a man, we cannot leave him to live alone.

Due to the fall of humanity, we have fallen from the position of the Son of God to the position of a servant of servants. We fell from the position of the Son of God to the position of a son, then to the position of a servant, and then to the position of a servant of servants. A servant of servants must serve a servant as their master. We have fallen astonishingly from the position of the Son of God to the position of a servant of servants. To restore this, we must understand that God has been working for 6,000 years.

What must be done to restore this? How must we proceed on the path of restoration? We must go back up from the position of a servant of servants. Thus, in the Old Testament era, we came up from the position of a servant of servants to the position of a servant, and in the New Testament era, we moved from the position of a servant to the position of a son. To restore what has fallen to the position of a servant of servants, we must go back up. From the time of Jacob in the Old Testament to the time of Moses, we had to climb up from the position of a servant of servants to the position of a servant, and in the New Testament era, it was the time to transition from the position of a servant to the position of a son. At that time, as recorded in Romans 8, we received the spirit of adoption, so we could call out, "Abba, Father." We are adopted children who have not become direct descendants of God. An adopted child has a different bloodline. 

So how do we rise from the position of an adopted child to the position of a direct child? We must be grafted in by Jesus. Since the world is filled with wild olive trees, the true olive tree must come and perform the grafting.

Then what kind of being did Jesus come as? He came as the Son of God. He came as a Son. He came as the true olive tree. What is the difference between a wild olive tree and a true olive tree? In appearance, they are all the same. Jesus has eyes, a nose, ears, a mouth, and He must eat and sleep just like everyone else. He is just like all of you.

Some people who believe in Jesus think that Jesus does not eat or go to the bathroom, but Jesus also had to eat with a spoon and chopsticks and had to go to the bathroom. Saying this might offend some. Oh, how could the holy Jesus... you might wonder, but that is holiness. Holiness is not something different. In today’s human world, eating is the holiest thing, and going to the bathroom is the next holiest thing. Holiness is not found elsewhere. The sun and all of nature are holy. Anyone who denies that should be expelled from this earth. To deny that is to deny the value of existence.

Many think that holiness is something strange, like having horns, but the butterfly flying, the bee buzzing, the bird singing, and the children playing are all holy. Everyone, do not think that holiness is something strange.
Jesus fasted, and since the holy Jesus fasted, we should too. But why did Jesus fast? It wasn't because He wanted to; it was because He had to. To be holy, one should have a zipper on their mouth, filling it up and then opening it. Why did He fast? If you look closely, it was because He had no choice. So what is holiness? It is being able to sleep when you want to, eat when you want to, and play when you want to. Don't think of it as something extraordinary.

Then what is heaven like? It is a place where you can eat freely and sleep freely. It is not outside the world but within this world. Heaven is a place where you have the authority to overcome everything and the ability to actively digest everything.

The ongoing war for 6,000 years
Will the earth change just because the Unification Church talks about the realization of the kingdom of heaven on earth? Absolutely not. Only the direction changes. What has been going backward will turn around. The direction and purpose will change. Today, religious people should not move forward toward the path of corruption but should turn around. They need to return. They must pass through the place where our ancestors started long ago. By continually going backward, if they surpass the standard at which Adam fell, they will meet God. The purpose of religion is to reunite with God. That is why we say to organize all worldly matters and go. We aim to surpass the standard where Adam started. God is there.

Therefore, to seek God, one must deny the world and turn around. Without denying the world, one cannot start as a religion. Religion begins after denying worldly things. In light of this, we cannot deny that humanity has fallen. Whether good or bad, we are all fallen beings.

We rise from the position of a servant to the position of a son, passing through the position of an adopted child, and return to the position of God's direct child. How are the grafted olive tree and the ungrafted olive tree different? When they bear fruit, are they different or the same? If a wild olive tree is grafted onto the true olive tree, what happens? God cuts off the wild olive tree and grafts on the true olive tree, while the devil and Satan cut off the true olive tree and graft on the wild olive tree.

Among people, there is truth and falsehood; what is true and what is false? Conscience is true, and the body is false. So if this wild olive tree, the body, cuts off the true olive tree, the heart, what happens to that person? They become a devil. Conversely, if the true olive tree, the heart, cuts off the wild olive tree, the body, that person becomes a child of God. God is not in some other garden in the heavenly world. He is not dancing on some throne. He is in my heart. Those who have received the grafting in their hearts are children of God, while those who have received the grafting in their bodies are children of Satan. When one conquers oneself, they fulfill their responsibility. Therefore, it is said to complete self-governance before universal governance.

The greatest war in the world is not the European war or the world wars. There is no greater war than the war to conquer oneself. This war has been ongoing for 6,000 years, and it has not yet ended. Has it ended or not? It has only made the bundle of sins even larger. Thus, the history of 6,000 years of sin has converged upon you. So who will overturn this history of sin? Since you cannot do it, a Messiah with greater power is needed. A son of God is needed.

Then why is the Day of Children necessary? The Day of Children is needed because we have lost that day. So who caused us to lose it? Was it God? Was it all things? Who caused us to lose it? Adam and Eve lost it. So who needs to find it? Adam and Eve need to find it. Since Adam and Eve made a mistake and created a hole, they need to patch it up. Thus, the first Adam became the Adam who destroys, but the second Adam became the Adam who restores. The first Adam became the father of destruction, but the second Adam, Jesus, became the father of salvation.

Even in hell, one must be able to evangelize.
What is the Holy Spirit? This Holy Spirit has not yet stood on the earth. Therefore, the Lord must return to establish this Holy Spirit on earth. But how will He return? Will He come riding on clouds in the sky? What will He ride on? That doesn't make sense. What are clouds? Clouds are just rain. Saying He will come on clouds? Such a fanciful faith should not even be mentioned. Just because the teacher says this, they label it as heresy, but let’s see who the real heretic is. The genuine will inevitably strike down the false. If you go a little further, the teacher might tell you to fight with Christians. Those who have taken a step into the Unification Church cannot withstand even a few hundred established Christians.

Satan is afraid and says, "Oh, don't go to the Unification Church. You will perish if you go there." Jesus went to hell and evangelized the spirits there for three days (1 Peter 3:19). Therefore, to follow Jesus, one must be able to evangelize even in hell, yet they say they won't even look at hell. Without experiencing hell, one cannot know the taste of heaven. Only those who have truly felt the pain can appreciate even a small happiness as very sweet. After tasting honey, one cannot appreciate anything else, no matter how good it is. The teacher recently had a meat dish that was so delicious that I wanted to keep eating it. It was truly the best medicine. (Laughter) Ordinary people might think it was just okay, but I didn't know it could be that good. Those who have suffered enjoy life.

If a man meets a wife he doesn't get along with and lives a boring life, when he goes to a happy home, he thinks they are truly happy. But that doesn't mean he should get married twice. (Laughter) To become happy, one needs the church. People need stimulation. Stimulation does not come from the usual place. It comes from contrast. Heaven alone cannot suffice. There must be earth for heaven to function. Isn't that right? Therefore, everything has to have relativity.

The Unification Church claims that Jesus became a pitiful figure because He is in the spiritual world. A pitiful Jesus can only be a pitiful Savior even if He saves. He must return to complete the mission He could not finish when He came the first time. This is the logic of the Unification Church. The logic of the Unification Church is God's logic. If it were only the logic of the Unification Church, the teacher would not even claim it. The teacher asserts this because he knows it for certain.

Restoration of the Word, Restoration of Reality, Restoration of Heart
Since man and woman have created a hole, true parents must come to make people who can say there is no hole. Since the human ancestors became false parents, true parents must come. What does it mean that Jesus comes to hold the Lamb's Feast? It means He comes to make fallen humanity into God's sons and daughters as true parents. They must become sons and daughters who can completely resolve the grievances of the fall and overcome Satan. Without becoming qualified to bring Satan before God's court and act as a prosecutor, one cannot become a child of God.

Until now, Satan has dragged us before God and acted as the prosecutor. Satan, centered on evil, has played the role of the prosecutor. Therefore, a person who can judge evil centered on good must emerge. The Messiah is the one who comes to fulfill the role of a prosecutor judging evil from the standpoint of good. Who is this Messiah? He is the father of humanity. The mother of humanity must also come. Since we have lost the two who will be the true parents of humanity, the two must come together. Without the appearance of these true parents, we cannot celebrate the Day of Children.

So what must we do to become children? We must resurrect. Adam fell and lost the Word of God, lost his body, and lost God's love. He lost the Word, personality, and love. Therefore, to restore these, we must seek them out. Centered on God's Word, we must practice according to the Word and bear the fruit of the Word.

To bear fruit, it must be centered on love. To bear fruit through the practice centered on the Word, we must love. In love, one must not love centered on oneself. The master of love is God, so we must love centered on God. Thus, the Unification Church must restore reality centered on the Word, and then restore the heart. We must restore the Word, restore reality, and restore the heart.

Because Adam fell, he lost God's Word, lost his body, and lost God's love. Therefore, to restore these three, the Unification Church teaches to restore centered on the Word. Then what is the teaching of the Unification Church? It teaches the Word that God has sought throughout history. Therefore, we must become people who are in harmony with the Word. However, when we say to become people who are in harmony with the Word, many people oppose it. The Unification Church's Reverend Moon was opposed by South Korea and the world. Yet, undeterred, he triumphed centered on good.

Next, we must become one in heart with God. To do this, both men and women must follow those who have such a heart. Today, members of the Unification Church must have the source of motivation that can shed tears because they want to see God. Without that, we cannot restore this fallen world.

When a father cries, the sons and daughters should also cry. When the teacher sheds tears, you should also shed tears. Do you cry when the teacher cries? Both men and women must empathize. You must be able to stand in a position where you can surely say, "My heart is the same." If you cannot, you must seek a place where you can again.

Unification Church members must find a way to say they prefer the teacher even if it means abandoning their beloved sons and daughters, and even if it means abandoning their wives or husbands. 

To be spiritually saved, just as one must enter the position of the seed of the son and daughter within the body of Jesus, when the Lord comes in reality, one must enter the position of the seed of the baby within the body of the unfallen Adam and meet the mother to be born again. Only then can one be reborn. Wouldn't that be the case?

How did one become the seed of sin? It was through sinful love. Therefore, one must penetrate deep into the bones of their mother and father through love. If the Unification Church lacks the content that can align with such principles, one must abandon the Unification Church and go elsewhere. To be honest, that is the truth. One must seek a place where they can genuinely say, "This is possible."

When you come to the Unification Church, people find it strange. Whether man or woman, when they see the teacher, they don't know what to do. Nowadays, the teacher doesn't guide directly, but in the past, because the teacher received so much criticism and noise, he would shake off those who followed. Even now, if he speaks passionately about the Word all night, they too become intoxicated. When the teacher speaks solemnly, they become solemn too, and when the teacher speaks excitedly, they become excited as well. Are you the same? If not, then either you are fake or I am fake. If the teacher is not fake, then you are fake. If both are fake, then both you and the teacher will perish.

When a man thinks of his suffering parents, he sheds tears, right? When he thinks of parents who cannot eat or wear clothes and are suffering, he feels he has not done his duty as a child, and tears flow. Especially if the parents are lying sick in pain, there should be a heart of repentance that puts one's life on the line. There must be feelings that feel like the bones are melting. Without that, it cannot be.

When Adam and Eve fell, they felt such emotions before God. They felt sorrowful and heartbroken. Therefore, to restore this, there must be occurrences that can evoke feelings of joy and gratitude.

Everything must come together for harmony to occur.
What does the Unification Church teach? It teaches the duty of parents. This is fundamentally different from the teachings of Christianity. What Christianity teaches is the duty of the son, but what does the Unification Church teach? "The duty of parents." This is different. Who is higher, the parent or the child? The parent is higher. That is why in the Unification Church, we pray not in the name of Jesus but in the name of true parents. It is a step ahead.

If the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit exist in the Trinity, then we should pray in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Why do we pray in the name of only one person? When it comes to parents, everyone comes together, so why not pray in the name of the parents instead of just one? If a man gives rice cakes only to men, saying, "Oh! This rice cake is amazing," would women feel good? While claiming the Holy Spirit is part of the Trinity, why do we pray in the name of Jesus while leaving out the Holy Spirit? At home, is the father more important and the mother an afterthought? Do we celebrate the father's birthday grandly while forgetting the mother's birthday?

The relationship of parents is something that even those who do not believe in the harmony of heaven and earth know today. Everything is relative. Everything must come together for harmony to occur. The eyes, nose, ears, and lips all achieve harmony through their combination. Likewise, both mother and father must unite to encompass everything in the world. Doing it alone will not suffice.

One cannot live by just inhaling. While inhaling is necessary, exhaling is also necessary. Do you only need to inhale because you are living on oxygen? Try inhaling three times continuously. Then you will find that exhaling becomes necessary. You must exhale to release carbon dioxide from your body so that more oxygen can come in.

It cannot just be men. Nowadays, the world is male-centric. Therefore, fundamentally, there must be a movement for women's liberation. From a principled perspective, for over three years, men must obey women. Thus, to restore an individual, one must go through the right path. Because Adam and Eve fell and separated, they must rise together. Rising is akin to re-creation. When creating, Adam was made first, and then Eve was made. Therefore, in re-creation, Adam must be made first before Eve is created.
The history up to now has been a history of restoration, a history of creating Adam. That is why there are no female saints in the world. Have you ever seen a female saint? Have you heard of a female saint? There is the term "mother of a saint." I have heard about Mencius's mother, but that does not mean she is a saint. Ultimately, until now, it has been a history of recreation. It is impossible to save fallen humanity all at once. One must first go through the process of recreation, that is, the process of being made anew. Then, who is the Lord who is coming? He is the one who comes to this earth as a man who has completed the purpose of creation to inherit the rights of heaven. It is simple. The Lord is the one who comes representing the position of Adam before he fell in the Garden of Eden, that is, the Adam who was created in the Garden of Eden before he got married. However, the Lord who comes in the position of the unfallen, unmarried Adam of the Garden of Eden must have a wedding. Therefore, what must He do first when He comes? He must find a woman, that is, a mother.

In the history of the Old and New Testaments, all the leaders of the church, prophets, and seers are men. God has established one man like that and has grown him larger and larger. Thus, the one who has come with the name of the Son of God, representing all of humanity, is Jesus. He is the one who brings all of God's heart, circumstances, and hopes. And the Lord who comes to this earth is like the Adam created directly by God before the fall.

The proper attitude towards established Christians

After creating Adam, it is said that God took one of Adam's ribs to create Eve, which means she was made from him. The phrase "bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh" is the same. Nowadays, Christians say that men do not have one rib, but they should look at their belly. There is something larger and thicker; what is missing? And then they say they will go to heaven? It is like saying, "I will become a graduate student while still in kindergarten."

Now that Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has appeared, the liberation of Christianity is about to unfold. We must liberate Catholic nuns and get them married. If we leave them as they are, they will not even be able to go to heaven, let alone the kingdom of God.

However, the members of the Unification Church are now in a situation where their hats are too big for them. Their hats are so big that their legs are wobbling and they are on the verge of joint pain. Their heads are only big because they have only stored things in their heads, while their bodies are small. Therefore, they need to be grafted onto the bodies of established church members. The teacher needs established Christians. Established Christians may curse Unification Church members, but I need the established church. So, in the struggle with them, I am the one who loses alone. They try to distance themselves from me, but I try to get closer to them, so what can I do? Those who say they want to get closer cannot be rejected forever. They may call me a leech or an enemy, but I face them with a smile and a willingness to serve for a thousand years. Eventually, they will follow.

Recently, it seems that Shin Sahun was attacked while holding a meeting to slander our Unification Church. The teacher returned from Chuncheon and found that this incident had occurred. The teacher had nothing to do with that incident, but they blamed it on the teacher of the Unification Church, so who has committed the greater sin? From heaven's perspective, that person has committed the greater sin.

The teacher thinks that way and finds comfort in it. When it comes to the judgment seat, that person will fall under the condition of accusation against the teacher, while the teacher will not fall under that person's condition of accusation. Isn't that so? The Unification Church is called a fearsome heresy.

It seems fearsome indeed. Why would people fear someone who is quietly sitting? Is it not because they have committed some sin that they are afraid?

Established Christians call the teacher "Moon Jesus, Moon Jesus!" But what is wrong with becoming Jesus? Everyone in the world is searching for Jesus, so if the teacher becomes Jesus, wouldn't all the people of the world seek me? At that time, it would not be bad to save the poor Korean people, would it? I never said such a thing, yet established Christians are calling me "Moon Jesus, Moon Jesus!" Also, I did not attach the name Unification Church myself. However, that name is not too bad, so I am using it as it is. In any case, their words are not entirely wrong. They might even say to their children as they die, "When I die, you should go to the Unification Church." (Laughter)

The history of recreation begins from the country where women have suffered the most.

Now is the time to start the women's liberation movement. Now that men can be restored, it is time to restore women and find women. If we find women and form couples, then men and women can stand on equal ground. Thus, the women's liberation movement must unfold.

Around the time of World War II, a global women's rights movement and human rights advocacy movement emerged because the bridegroom, the father of humanity, is entering a time to welcome the mother of humanity and establish the laws of heaven. History is moving towards that direction for a conclusion.

If you do not want to believe in the Unification Church, then do not. If you have already qualified to go to heaven according to what God pursues, you do not need to owe the teacher anything, but because not everyone is like that, you must owe the teacher something. Are you in debt to the teacher, or is the teacher in debt to you? You are all in debt to the teacher.

Men need women, and women need men, but why did they not start with equal rights and positions? It is because there is a heavenly principle that after creating Adam, Eve was created. Therefore, Eve cannot walk alone on this earth before Adam is complete. Because women have caused men to be unable to use their full potential, if women stray from their rightful place until men restore them, it will lead to great trouble.

When we look at history, which nation can be the most blessed? It is a nation where women have been ruthlessly exploited and have a history of suffering. God's loving hand can come close to such a nation. That nation is the Republic of Korea. Women have been treated worse than men, and they must reach a point of indescribable misery to be able to represent the world. Therefore, people must be reshaped through the nation where women are the most miserable and downtrodden.

To be reshaped, one must reach the last stage, where one is torn apart like a rag. Therefore, the history of recreation begins from countries with a background of women suffering tremendously. In that aspect, the Republic of Korea can be seen as a foundation where the Lord can come.

Have Korean women suffered or not? Do women suffer to give birth to children, or not? If children are not mistreated, then someone must be mistreated in their place. If that cannot happen, then God must mistreat that person to indemnify them.

Korean women may seem pitiful, but from this perspective, it is not so. That is why I think I must make Unification Church members suffer a bit more. Do you dislike it, or is it okay? "It's okay." That is why, until now, women in the Unification Church have been at the forefront of the struggle. From now on, women of the Unification Church must participate in search operations to catch spies when they appear. We need to organize search teams to go out as an advance party and fight against the spies. Will you do that?

For humanity to be restored, one must become a servant in the lowest position, the position of the servant of servants, and then become a son through grafting. Only by becoming a direct descendant can one receive heavenly blessings. However, even if a man receives heavenly blessings, he cannot say he has received complete blessings alone. Likewise, even if a woman becomes a queen, it is not a blessing. No matter how much she boasts of being a queen, if there is no counterpart, she will perish. Men should not boast too much. Without women, they will perish in their lifetime.

What is true blessing? It is not just about living well and eating well. It is about meeting the right counterpart. Following the heavenly relationships and the laws of heaven to pave the way for couples is the greatest blessing. Is there a greater blessing than that? No matter how popular, authoritative, or noble one's lineage may be, if one meets the wrong wife, that person will become miserable. Even if someone has a good signboard and a good appearance, if they meet the wrong wife, it is of no use. Likewise, no matter how talented a woman may be, if she meets the wrong husband, it is the same. Therefore, what is the greatest blessing among blessings? It is meeting the right counterpart. That is the greatest blessing. Only by meeting the right counterpart can one give birth to excellent children. Isn't that so?

What must we do after restoring through the son? Because humanity fell due to false relationships and false love, we must receive the true love given by God of true love and create a family that can keep the heavenly laws according to the heavenly principles.

We must establish heaven starting from the family, but because Jesus could not establish a family, he could not go to heaven and remains in paradise. Paradise is like a waiting room for entering heaven. Hell was created because humanity fell. It was not something God created from the beginning.

So what is heaven? It is a place where men and women come together to form families. However, because Jesus came to this earth and could not find a bride, he left without having sons and daughters, and for the past 2,000 years, he has been praying in paradise, allowing the Holy Spirit to work.

Because sin was first committed by a woman, the female divine spirit, the Holy Spirit, comes to manifest as the reality of the mother to cleanse sin and purify the world. Jesus must return as the bridegroom with a new seed. The purpose of God is to recharge and create a new world centered on the new lineage of the true parents of heaven and earth. Only when such a world is established can we say that God's plan has been fulfilled as intended. If God has been governing for 6,000 years without a purpose, then there is no need to believe in such a God.

If the pre-fallen human is no different from the post-fallen human, then even if such humans are saved, there is a high possibility that they will fall again. That is why the Unification Church established this Children's Day. The teacher of the Unification Church established this day, and the Unification Church has taught this historical content. However, that alone is not enough. There must be a process of blessing involved. That is why the Unification Church's blessing ceremony came about. The people of the world say that the Unification Church's blessing ceremony is held because of lack of money, but that is not true.

What happens by celebrating this day? When viewed from the perspective of the teacher, it is about determining the position of the parents through this process. That is why after establishing Parents' Day in 1960, Children's Day was established.

When the parents of humanity appear, the children are also determined. There is a starting line for the parents before stepping into the position that determines the children. However, in the process of restoration, it is not only the parents who must be established, but the relationship with the children must also be cultivated. When viewed from the horizontal relationship centered on the children, Parents' Day must start first, and Children's Day must start later. However, from the position of restoration, Children's Day must start first, and Parents' Day must start later.

Because Parents' Day was established based on horizontal standards and Children's Day was declared, that day has appeared for the first time in the history of heaven and earth. This day is a day when we can raise a victorious shout in heaven and earth. By establishing this day, the spirit world has come to the right time, and what was tied up is being released. Therefore, the evil forces on this earth are gradually being extinguished before the path of the Unification Church. World history is determined by the teacher.

The Communist Party is destined to decline before it reaches the eighth generation. This is based on a principled perspective. And after 40 years, it will have to split into two within the Communist Party. Since the Communist Party began in 1917, ideological disputes between the Soviet Union and China arose after 40 years, starting in 1957. Our Unification Church started around that time. That time was the third year of the second seven-year course for the teacher. It is all meant to be that way. There must be a synchronization of motives.

For fallen humanity, the greatest holiday among holidays is Children's Day. The foundation of the heart and thought that constitutes the main current of the restoration providence is the love of parents for their children. Has that changed? God, as well as our hundreds of generations of fathers and mothers, have been like that, so no being that infringes upon that love can exist on this earth.

However, people do not know this. Heaven and earth desire that love, and Jesus also came to seek that love. If the bridegroom comes, the bride must come out. That is how families are formed. Some may wonder why they were born as women. But what is the reason for being born as a woman? It is to get married. What does getting married mean? It means meeting a man, loving him, and thus forming a couple to become parents. Any person or being that does not go through that process will perish. The reason Buddhism and Christianity have thrived today is that they have entered the era of male creation, within that heavenly fortune. Do you understand? That is why now the female successor is victorious.

If the Roman Catholic Church only has priests and nuns, it will perish. If the Pope has two sons, Cain and Abel, should he send them to get married or not? If someone answers that they should not send them, those people will all perish.

Women are born to meet men, and men are born to meet women. That is the highest truth. Therefore, according to this principle, we must seek the right of blessing. Deviating from the highest truth is the greatest evil, the greatest evil.

Love is like the center of a compass; it cannot be moved. Because God has that love, the emotional standard of parents' love for their children does not change, and that is why Satan cannot take dominion over it. No matter how evil a parent may be, they do not teach their children, "Hey! I feel good when I beat people. You should try beating people too." Are there parents like that? Even if they are evil robbers, they teach their children to be good people. No matter how evil a parent may be, they must comply with that law. That is the heavenly law. Evil cannot take dominion over it. Evil is always in a relative position; it cannot be the center.

God has focused on that, and Jesus lived centered on that. That is love. It is the love of parents for their children. Unless one finds the position of sons and daughters that God originally intended to establish, they cannot enter that high heavenly kingdom. The day that finds such a position is commemorated, and the achievement of this is the teacher's merit in the Unification Church. Everyone, you must understand this well. What I am saying will unfold in the history to come.

Thus, we have established Parents' Day, Children's Day, the Day of All Things, and God's Day.
will be. For fallen humanity, the greatest holiday among holidays is not Parents' Day but Children's Day. Do you understand? For fallen humanity, what is the most precious day? "It is Children's Day." That day is the day to reclaim parental authority, the day when Satan, who has trampled on human history for 6,000 years, is defeated and the flag of victory is raised. Fallen humanity can only enter the heavenly kingdom and serve the Heavenly Parent on that day. 

Even if you are members of the Unification Church, you cannot serve the Heavenly Parent just among yourselves. You must build a bridge to serve them. Do you understand? Therefore, regardless of gender, you must build a bridge for all those who are in the spiritual world. This day is not only for Unification Church members but is a day that all of humanity must eternally observe in the future. Christmas is not the issue. 

What is the most blessed day for fallen humanity? It is Children's Day. Following that, the day when the victorious princes and princesses, who bear the glory and authority of Children's Day, can serve their parents is Parents' Day. Therefore, to become children, one must walk the path of indemnity. However, these days, it seems that many are not walking the path of indemnity correctly. Even though everything has been taught clearly, if you cannot follow the teachings, the teacher cannot take responsibility. 

When you go to the spiritual world and see the teacher, will you say, "Teacher, I have not seen you since the Cheongpa-dong Church"? At that time, the teacher will see you through the glasses of the principle. Do you understand? The teacher will see you through the glasses of the path he has walked. If you fit that, you will be accepted; if not, you will not be accepted. 

In the providential course of restoration, when God looks at me, He also sees me through those glasses, which is why I have been working to align with that until now. Therefore, I do not feel the slightest guilt toward all people in the world. You cannot speak loudly if you feel guilt. 

Now! Then, did you just assume that this joyful day is just another day, or did you truly understand it? Did you feel the electric thrill in your bones, to the point where your whole body felt like a fireball? You should be so joyful that you do not know what to do, jumping around to the point of fainting from sheer joy. Have you felt that joyful? 

If the day comes when God, who has worked for 6,000 years, can dance with His sons and daughters who have resolved His sorrow, how happy would God be? In front of the delighted God, would you be surprised and say, "Oh! Why is this happening?" No! You should run to Him and dance with all your limbs to make your Father even happier and more joyful. But how much are you making God happy? You should not just be pretending to say, "Father!" out of obligation. You must become the bone of God's bone, the flesh of His flesh, and the blood of His blood. 

Everyone! Parents' Day must be a day that you must illuminate in the future. Even if the teacher comes down from the second floor three days later, you must not come here and leave without greeting. No matter how much you celebrate the next day, it will not be a celebration. 

Since the teacher is in a vertical position, Children's Day signifies that the teacher personally has gone through the process of the resurrection of the word, the resurrection of substance, and the resurrection of heart. Do you understand? You may have heard of the resurrection of substance and the resurrection of heart, but you may not have heard of the resurrection of the word. That is determined by God. You too must go through the resurrection of the word, the resurrection of substance, and the resurrection of heart. Without going through the resurrection of heart, you cannot stand in the position of a substantial man. 

Only after receiving God's approval from the position of a substantial man can you finally open the door to blessings and enter. In other words, you must possess the heart of a perfect ideal man who can recreate Eve centered on the word and become a substantial model who can recreate Eve as the object partner. Then, that object partner, Eve, must absolutely follow and unite with that standard. 

That is why, from a vertical standpoint, you must determine the position of the son, and then determine the position of the parent, which is the center of purpose. Therefore, in 1960, centered on the teacher, the position of such parents was determined vertically. Consequently, you, who are going through the restoration process, must walk that path. 

Thus, by establishing Parents' Day, you declared Children's Day from a horizontal standpoint. Through the teacher, the resurrection of the word, the resurrection of substance, and the resurrection of heart have emerged. Because of this, you can finally enter a new historical era by achieving blessings centered on one man. Therefore, since you have become parents, you bless you as children of the new era. That is why you do not need to go through the process of the resurrection of substance like the teacher. Because the teacher has grafted everything and brought it out, if you just follow the teacher, you can go without receiving accusations from Satan. 

Is Children's Day a joyful day or a sad day? "It is a joyful day." When you celebrate Children's Day, you can find your parents, and you can find your children. That way, we can face God. If you cannot celebrate that day, you will remain in a position like an orphan born without parents. Because of the fall, children born without parents seek their parents, so they can give birth to normal sons. The teacher has established this day based on such standards. 

Therefore, in March 1960 (lunar calendar), Parents' Day was proclaimed, and in October (lunar calendar), Children's Day was proclaimed. That is why there are things that must be done centered on children. You must find 12 children. Then, there will be 36 families in the three stages of rebirth, growth, and perfection. After that, since the 36 families in the position of ancestors must establish Cain and Abel and restore through indemnity, there will be 72 families. Thus, centered on one family, it must go beyond the family environment to the national form and the world form. 

Those are the things you must do, but the teacher is finding them instead. Now that the time has come for families, societies, and nations to enter, and the time has come for heaven and earth to overlap, we are entering a new era. This is because we are entering through a seven-year course, and history is gradually changing. 

Therefore, now the end has come for the democratic world, and the end has come for the communist world. 

However, the issue is how deeply you understand the significance of Children's Day. You may understand it because the teacher told you, but did you really know? Some people might say, "Oh, the teacher is good at embellishing things." Indeed, it has been embellished well. No matter how well it has been embellished, can it be embellished better than this? If it cannot be embellished better than this, then it becomes a formula. If it becomes a formula, it becomes unchanging. 

What is a formula? If you can apply one thing to solve a hundred problems, that can be a model for everything, that is, a sample. Once that happens, it becomes a formula. A formula is nothing special. If a small principle can be applied to the whole, it becomes a formula and a law. 

No matter where it is applied, a formula is not strange. Even if it is applied to God, it is not strange. And no matter how many people in the world study it, they cannot help but recognize it. Ultimately, it becomes the final formula for cosmic unity. When that happens, the world of unity will be achieved. It is just a matter of time. 

That is why the teacher has endured all kinds of insults while steadfastly carrying out this work. You may be exhausted and curled up, but the teacher finds it quite amusing. It is truly interesting to see the various events happening in this world. 

In the future, when certain events occur... they will definitely happen. Therefore, the teacher does not think of anything else. Even as the path of restoration progresses, you are thinking differently. 

Since we have to die anyway, let us choose a splendid way to die. The teacher is in the position of a father, the owner of the Unification Church, which is why he is suffering. Since he is suffering like this, the result must be something that everyone can rejoice in. Therefore, everyone must cooperate in my work, our work. If you cannot cooperate, you must be grateful for the results and then resolve to cooperate afterward. But right now, you are neither doing this nor that; everything is a mess. You all know this fact well. 

Everyone, does the human body have dirt? Before the time comes, it was flesh, right? Do you like it when there is dirt on your body, or not? Then, are you the flesh of the Unification Church? Are you dirt? If you are dirt, what should you do? You must wash it all away. Even if it was good in the past, today it has become dirt, so it must be washed away. 

Do you need the teacher or not? "We need him." How much do you need him? People throw things away once they have enough for themselves. That makes them feel bad. If you are going to do that, you should not come to church at all! You only need the teacher until the national restoration and the will of salvation are fulfilled, and once that is exceeded, you throw him away. However, the teacher needs God until the completion of the restoration of the cosmos. 

The Unification Church has appeared with infinite value to save humanity through the 6,000-year course of history. Therefore, the path to walk is long, and there is no time, and it is urgent. You cannot walk while resting. Those who rest will spit and run away along the way. How much do you need the teacher? You must need him until you die. You just need to understand that you need him until you die for the will. The statement that you need him until you die for the will is more vivid than the restoration of the cosmos. After you die, what remains is only the results of your loyalty to the heavenly will. 

You are in a position like a prisoner waiting for the day of execution. According to heavenly law, you are in a position of a greater sinner than a murderer or robber. Every human being will die in a few decades. It is not by someone else's hand but by the natural law that one dies. The sign of execution is firmly planted. Therefore, how you live and how you die is an important issue. Since you have to die anyway, let us choose to die splendidly. You must become someone who can die for the will. No matter how beautiful a person may be, they cannot surpass a hundred years. Life is one that must be carried away with a funeral song and a coffin. Since we have to die anyway, if there is a way to die splendidly, let us choose that path. 

In the Unification Church, it is said that you must give birth to children to achieve the three generations of restoration through the blessing. Just with yourself and your children, you can only restore two generations. Vertically, it is God, the teacher, and yourself, making three generations, but when viewed centered on yourself, since the teacher becomes the grandfather, you must marry your children and grandchildren to say that three generations have been restored vertically. If the three generations are not completely restored, God cannot do anything. 

To find God's love, you must completely deny the things of this world. If a believer lives their faith just adequately and dies while others have fulfilled this will, what will happen to them? 

A believer must overcome death through their faith life. If they cannot do that, they cannot go to heaven. With the path being busy, how can one complete the restoration of indemnity while doing everything they want? 

You should not look to the side, but you have turned the other way. That cannot happen. In the past, the teacher walked to school almost entirely on foot instead of taking the tram. It was not because he had no money. 

While walking the path of indemnity, he did all sorts of things. With that money, he helped the poor. Why did he do that? 

Those who have the heart to offer themselves as a sacrifice before heaven win on the path of virtue. Our Unification Church members must understand that they must be different from others. You must have the heart to do anything for the will. Only then can you walk the path of restoration, that is, the path of indemnity. 

In personal indemnity, one cannot do it alone, so they must establish a relative existence. However, since that sacred existence has not come out into the world until now, indemnity is done through relative substances. That was the offering of sacrifices in the Old Testament age. Next, the substantial object that can be indemnified has come out, which was the age of Jesus. 

Then, what is the highest relative being for humans? The Jesus who came to this earth sought to find a family centered on love. The highest relative is a family centered on love. To find that, one must go through the process of being a sacrifice in this world. One must go through the process of sacrifice centered on their body. They must deny the love of the satanic world and restore the love of the heavenly world through indemnity. They must transcend materiality, transcend bodily desires, transcend lust, and deny all realistic and sensory elements up to now. 

You must go through such a process. 

By denying that and pursuing God's love, you will receive God's love. Since Satan initiated this, you must completely deny it for God's love to come. If you do not deny the world, God will not love you. A man who does not possess God's love cannot establish a family. The same goes for women. Both men and women must walk the path of restoration and indemnity. 

That is why churches and denominations that prioritize material things will perish. If they must give a position of elder to attend church, and if they do not attend church because the pastor preached something they did not want to hear, they are going to hell. They will perish. 

We must transcend materiality. 

We have a path of indemnity remaining. For the will, we must sacrifice everything and maintain the purity of our bodies, even if we lose all our blood relatives at once, we must follow the will. Even if all relatives abandon you, you must follow the will. Noah in history did so, Abraham did so, and Moses did so. However, that does not mean they lost everything. They exchanged it for the eternal. However, they did not know that they were losing everything and gaining the eternal. They only had a rough understanding but did not know the specific content well. 

The Old Testament age is the age of sacrifices through materiality. Therefore, they faced God through sacrifices. Looking at ourselves today, we must indemnify the vertical history of the Old Testament, New Testament, and the age of the covenant horizontally. That is why you must have a heart standard to become the children of God and face all people. To do that, you must indemnify through materiality, just like in the Old Testament age. You must indemnify through materiality and be able to lay down your life for the will. Jesus carried the cross and walked the path of death.
As you have crossed over, you too must cross over the path of death. In doing so, you must become the hopeful bride and groom that God can reach. That is the path of restoration. 

Despite the necessity of going through this process, we members of the Unification Church are busy trying to live well by buying houses and settling down. If we focus on living well, we will all fail. Today's restoration through indemnity is about completing myself centered on the Old and New Testaments. History has continued this way until now. Therefore, you must become victors of the Old Testament era, victors of the New Testament era, and the subject of the Completed Testament era. In light of this, in order to indemnify your own Old Testament position, you must sacrifice your body. That is why it is better for those in difficult situations to enter the world of purpose. When one is in a position where they can only eat porridge, offering a bowl of porridge for the sake of the purpose is equivalent to giving all their material possessions. If one is dressed in rags and goes to a beggar's den to share those rags, they are indemnifying their material possessions in a single day. Do you understand what I mean? That is why those who walk the path of righteousness seek the worst positions. Why? To indemnify. You cannot avoid indemnity. Therefore, you must indemnify the vertical history horizontally.

The Old Testament era was a time of indemnifying centered on all things, while the New Testament era was a time of indemnifying centered on Jesus, the Son of God. Next, you must enter into God's heart centered on that Son. There, the position of children is determined, and the position of the bride and groom is established, forming a family. The Old Testament era is limited to all things and sons and daughters, but Jesus must become the bridegroom and seek a family.

This history has come down over 6,000 years, and because the vertical history is being indemnified horizontally, if you cannot transcend material things before the purpose, you cannot walk the path of purpose. Being stingy in offering to God is akin to stealing from God.

Centered on God's will, Jesus said, 
"Abba Father, let Your will be done." 
and, with gratitude, carried the cross of death. Likewise, you must carry the cross of death and cross over Golgotha with such a heart. In other words, you are being called to cross the global Golgotha on behalf of your nation. This is the guiding method of the Unification Church. You must walk alone. You must walk alone. Just as Jesus crossed Golgotha alone, forsaken by His disciples, you too must cross alone.

To cross Golgotha, you must not die like Jesus but live and cross over. Thus, you must indemnify and restore the vertical history horizontally. The 6,000 years of history corresponds to this 7-year course. Indemnifying 6,000 years in 7 years is the Day of Children. It is indemnifying 7,000 years, which is 6,000 years plus 1,000 years, in 7 years. This is the formula; therefore, fallen humanity must go through the 7-year course. Once you pass this period, anything can be rectified. That is why even a spiritual revival group will collapse after just 7 years.

That 7 years is the period required to indemnify the vertical history horizontally. Until now, Christianity has paved the way through the age of offerings, where Jesus and the Holy Spirit spiritually offered sacrifices. It is the age where parents must carry the cross.

In the Unification Church, parents are actually carrying the cross. That is why it is possible to indemnify the vertical history horizontally. Therefore, this official course is one that everyone must walk as children. In the future, to become a heavenly family, everyone must register all their possessions in the heavenly storehouse. You must register your material possessions and also register yourself. Just like a bride getting married. Jesus is the bridegroom, and we are the brides, so everyone must prepare to get married. When a bride gets married, she takes her possessions and her body, right? You must register all your belongings in the bridegroom's house. Originally, you were supposed to be registered in the glory of God, but that registration did not happen. However, the time for registration is coming. Because you cannot inherit from God while receiving the blood of Satan, you must become a son who can inherit. Therefore, you must register all your material possessions, your body, and your heart. That registration is precisely like a bride marrying the bridegroom. 

The Jesus spoken of in Christianity is the external Jesus, but from this perspective, He becomes the internal and external bridegroom. If Jesus were to say He must get married, Christianity would be in an uproar.

Doing this within the realm of fallen rights is the blessing of the Unification Church. Therefore, you must manage your own heart, body, and material possessions. God's love must be able to dwell within your heart, and your body must act as Jesus did on this earth. You must practice what Jesus and the Holy Spirit did for 2,000 years. There is no other way.

From this standpoint, the teacher carries out a global mission, and you must carry out a tribal mission. The teacher has paved the way that the whole can walk, but now you must manage it. In that sense, you must understand that the day will come when all these conditions can be determined, and the vertical history will be indemnified horizontally, bringing about a cosmic origin. How joyful and worthy of praise is this? While people on earth may not yet know this fact, the spirit world knows it all. You must recognize the precious value of the Day of Children and prepare to welcome this day.

<Prayer> Father, we entrust all that we have before You. We understand that all joy and sorrow must be borne by the children on this earth. We know that this historic and monumental Day of Children has set its foundation and begun on this earth, and we sincerely hope that it will be remembered for eternity. 

The many children gathered here have come together to celebrate this day, so on this meaningful day, may it be a day to give glory before Heaven and a day that all people can praise, and may it be blessed to be offered before You, Father. 

We entrust all of today to You, and wherever we go, may all that You desire be fulfilled. We earnestly ask this in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

<Living a True Life> 
<Prayer> Father, today is November 24, 1968, the fourth Sabbath of this month. 

On this day, may all people who long for You and admire Your mercy and love experience Your eternal love and joy. 

As humans born with a connection to You, we must cross over the path of life and align ourselves with our original connection to You. We earnestly hope and desire that Your compassion, mercy, and love dwell in the hearts of countless children who follow this truth. 

Father, we have come this far with the slogan of "Full Offensive" for this year of 1968. Please forgive all our shortcomings and insufficiencies before Your will. May You be with us during the remaining 40 days. 

We understand that the success or failure of all things is not determined through the flow of history but rather in the final moment. Father, please allow all that we have hoped for and aimed for in the remaining period to be fulfilled. So that we can achieve the final victory and express our gratitude before You and all people, please work in our favor. May we be children who can offer everything before You without worrying about the cost of our efforts and labor, we earnestly hope and desire this. 

Father, this morning, please remember Your children spread across the nation who are longing for this place, worshiping and dedicating themselves to You. May a compassionate and peaceful heart dwell in their hearts. Just as You desire for this land, may we also have a heart that earnestly prays to You. 

Just as You treat us with the heart of a parent toward Your children, may we also have a heart that longs for You as a parent. So that we can share in all the many stories of Your heart until now at the place where Your heart and our hearts become one. 

We hope that the day will come when we can hold onto You and comfort You. In that process, may we realize Your high and precious nature and be able to express our gratitude, we earnestly hope and desire this. 

Father, since we must go out into the world, please allow us to be fully prepared for our journey to various countries. May we be wise children who can head straight to our busy destination. Even if many people take a break, may we, the Unificationists, be allowed to head straight to where we must go without resting. 

We must understand that the path we must take is filled with trials, pains, and labors. We must also understand that the enemy's sword blocks our way. Therefore, the more earnest our hearts are to head straight there, the more we must have a heart that loves You and a mindset to move for You to easily overcome all external environments that will appear there. We know that without such a heart, we cannot proceed on this path. We understand that for 6,000 years, You have been guiding history because You could not find a single person who could walk this path straight and could not surpass the conditions that needed to be indemnified. We must clearly understand that the one person and the conditions for indemnity are placed before us. 

Just as You needed true character and true conditions of indemnity in finding this path, we too must establish true character and true conditions of indemnity as we seek You. We must become beings who can be liberated from Satan, that is, we must become beings who can subdue Satan, while also standing in a position where we can lead all people and offer sacrifices before You without being invaded by Satan. If we do not stand in that position, we will become wanderers who cannot approach You. 

We must understand that our path is long and busy, and when we realize that we are too far from aligning with Your heart and circumstances, we must not blame ourselves for being in despair and discouragement. We earnestly hope and desire that we may be granted the understanding that we are in a position where we must not blame ourselves. 

Father, when we feel the stimulating heart that we must be perfect for the purpose, we will be able to call You Father, and our earnest heart will rise up. We know that You have always worked in those moments. Therefore, please allow us to be Your children who strive to run toward the destination of resolution with earnest hearts before You, Father. 

No matter what anyone says, we must take responsibility for our own lives. Our responsibility is to fulfill this, and this cannot be shifted before You. We must understand that this is a significant responsibility and mission that cannot be entrusted to anyone else, and only we can resolve it. 

If there are children who long for Your deep and profound will and Your high love, please allow us to understand Your deep heart and immerse ourselves in Your high and deep love. May we be Your children who are stimulated to completely bury ourselves and step out fully, knowing that You long for that state as well as our original nature. 

Father, please have compassion on us gathered here this dawn. Allow us to prepare our hearts to be able to embrace You. This body must surely be embraced in Your arms, and whether we live or die, we must be Your children. We earnestly hope and desire that we may be granted the understanding that we are in such a destiny. 

We know how much You have labored to bring us to this foundation until now as children of the Unification Church. We understand the tears that have not dried in Your heart to bring us to this point. Father, may what was sorrowful yesterday turn into joy today, and may what was joyful today become a source of hope for the future. 

May You be present where Your name is gathered today. Moreover, we feel once again that many children spread across the world long for this land of Korea with their hearts and eagerly await the day they can meet. Please embrace them with Your heart of mercy, love, and compassion, and comfort their hearts. Once again, we plead before You, Father, do not forsake them. We earnestly hope and desire this. 

May You alone operate in this place and bind us together as one heart. Also, please allow us to be children who can serve You on behalf of all humanity and fulfill the responsibilities entrusted to us, Father. We earnestly hope and desire this. We believe there are children who are shedding tears and striving for this purpose, appealing earnestly to fulfill Your will. 

If there are children who go to seek You with such a heart, please allow their steps to be strong and courageous, and may Your compassionate hand be with them. Whether it is difficult, painful, or sorrowful, may they embody Your joy, Your righteousness, and Your goodness, and may they be granted the ability to comfort You and inherit the ties of life. 

We earnestly hope and desire that today may be a day of pride before You, and that this one hour may be a time to establish ourselves and rejoice before You. 

We earnestly hope that You may be with us throughout the remaining time today. Please remember the countless children who come forth according to Your will, and we earnestly ask that You embrace the many future generations with a heart of love. We offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 

<Words> People always go somewhere with a purpose. Similarly, without setting a purpose and using it as a standard for life, one cannot achieve the purpose they wish to attain. 

The importance of having a correct sense of purpose in life is the same when setting a purpose for the year. When we engage in evangelism...
is the only way to achieve the goals set for the year. The same applies to our lives. Without taking a certain goal as a standard and aligning our lives with that goal, we cannot fulfill the goals of our lifetime. This is not only true for humans but also for God. In God's providence for the salvation of humanity, He set a goal from the very beginning and has been working towards that goal as a standard. The more we realize our hope for the goal, our responsibility towards it, or our mission, the stronger we can be in our lives.

From this perspective, what has God aimed for until now? He has aimed for each of you as individuals. In other words, He has come forth with each individual as a standard. For a man, He aimed for a family centered on that man; for a woman, a family centered on that woman; and from that family, He aimed for a tribe, from the tribe to a nation, and from the nation to the world and the cosmos. Since we cannot establish a foundation for the greater purpose without completing the smaller purposes, God needs each of you as individuals to fulfill the greater purpose. At the same time, your families are needed. Your families are needed, and in turn, South Korea is needed, and the world is needed.

In this regard, if the direction God aims for and the direction we aim for differ and become two separate paths, we cannot complete one purpose. We must lead a responsible life centered on God's purpose. Then, we can achieve one purpose. What we aim for must align with what God aims for. We must have one direction. Therefore, God has been directing towards that purpose through the long history of 6,000 years.

Today, you and your teachers must fulfill that purpose within the set timeframe. If God establishes a human being and that person fails to fulfill their responsibility, God can set conditions to extend it and push it to future generations to fulfill the purpose. However, humans cannot push it to future generations like God can if they fail to achieve their purpose. Humans are limited by time and space. However, God is eternal and is not bound by time and space.

Thus, for God, extending something does not directly affect the fulfillment of that purpose. But because we humans live within limited authority, if we extend God's purpose without aligning with His standards, our lives will ultimately come to nothing.

The place where a purpose is fulfilled is also the starting point of another. When we consider this, how far is our goal? We still have paths to walk as individuals. However, even if an individual stands as a standard based on God and aligns with certain goals, that alone does not mean everything is fulfilled. It is merely a factor for a new beginning. No matter how much one achieves a purpose or stands in a position to represent all humanity before a nation, that position must align with the overall will of heaven to be a completed endpoint, which it is not. We must recognize that it is merely a starting point or a single point in the process.

In light of this, we often forget how far we still have to go. Our path is neither close nor simple. The more we walk this path, the more we feel the pressure of time and busyness. Yet, despite this awareness, we continue to live without understanding it.

Then, what is the purpose for which God has sought me until now? It is to lead me forward, not to keep me stagnant in the present.

Looking at those who have joined our Unification Church until now, most initially feel indescribable joy due to being chosen by God, as if everything would be fulfilled in their own lives. However, even if the starting point is joyful or they feel the value of a new life, it is still merely a starting point, not the destination. To reach that destination, one must go through incredibly difficult places.

Does the purpose become smaller as time goes on, or does it become smaller as I fulfill my intentions? No, it does not. It expands and grows larger with unity, which goes without saying.

As we progress from the initial desire centered on the will to understanding the will and following it, the longer we accumulate that experience, the more powerful and stimulating the grace of God should feel compared to the initial starting point. Without such a mindset, we cannot reach the place of God's intended purpose. Nevertheless, we can often see the opposite phenomenon occurring today. This is why many stand in positions contrary to their faith.

Living a life centered on God's purpose

So, where can we find the true life, the life that can be a model? To find that, we must give up our limited individual perspectives. We cannot hold onto any of our individual desires, purposes, consciousness of life, or emotional states. All of these belong to a limited realm. While they may work within that limited environment, they cannot relate to God's purpose, which must go beyond. Since we are ourselves limited within this environment, the habits and attitudes we have in this realm cannot align with the eternal purpose God aims for.

So, what about us today? In our current state, we cannot establish a model based on any of our claims. In other words, because we have not reached such a position, we cannot live with a subjectivity centered on ourselves.

The day we achieve complete restoration and can establish our subjectivity is the day God's creation purpose is fulfilled. What kind of place is that? It is a place where Satan cannot accuse on this earth, a place where God's glory can completely harmonize with all of our beings and ourselves. When we think of such a place as the goal God aims for, we must recognize that the current realistic stage of the world we live in is in stark contradiction to God's intended purpose. Considering myself, who remains in this realm, when I establish principles and origins of a model centered on myself, it is ultimately just my own claim. Since it starts from oneself, it bears its own results and has no relation to God.

Then, where should this standard originally be established? It should not be established centered on oneself but centered on God. When we establish this standard centered on God, the starting point also begins from God, so the process must proceed with God, and the endpoint must also be connected with God.

We must take God as our model.

God has brought forth the wheels of history through a long historical process, transcending time and space in an infinite world. In contrast, we live in a limited environment. Because of this, all our environmental conditions are very far from that infinite world. Therefore, every single one of them cannot help but conflict.

Thus, our life path that must be taken, the path we must seek, requires us to give up everything and think only of God. Otherwise, we cannot achieve one purpose. In a place where we do not rely on God, we cannot establish the standard of our lives. Therefore, we must take God as our model and center ourselves around Him. Otherwise, God cannot be in close proximity to us to engage directly. He can only be recognized as an abstract concept from a distance, not as a factual reality.

So, what should we take as the stimulus or motivation to connect with? We must use the countless prophets and ancestors who have engaged with the providential will throughout history as stepping stones.

How does God carry out the restoration providence? Since He cannot achieve His purpose without centering on humanity, God connects the foundations left by the many prophets and ancestors who have come and gone in the past to move towards the world of purpose. Therefore, today we must absorb all the stories left by our historical ancestors, that is, the focus where God has interacted with those who have devoted themselves to Him with loyalty and sincerity, into our lives. We should not merely think of it as something that happened in the historical process or as stories that have passed but should become individuals who can re-enact that in our lives today.

Without this, we cannot lay a realistic foundation before God in the historical providence. From this perspective, you must understand that in carrying out your responsibilities, you must first move forward centered on God.

Without establishing a standard that can connect the earnest heart of all historical ancestors who have related to God, you cannot host God, who has been working historically in providence. Those who live without connecting with God from the present point cannot align with God's will in the future.

The question is whether you are living a life that can leave a record.

The question is whether you are living a life that can be a model in the present. How can we live a life that can connect with God centered on the present? It must be that you receive direct commands from God on behalf of historical ancestors, or you receive commands centered on your family, tribe, or nation. By absorbing what has been decided at the highest level into our lives, we can connect that to reality, and that becomes a historical reenactment.

Even if the standard for that historical reenactment has been set and that fact has been realized, simply observing it does not relate to me. Regardless, I must leave some trace and results that I can pull and push forward. Only then can I align with the living standards that God has sought from the past. That becomes your eternal asset and foundation.

Without this, we cannot connect with God, who has been working through providence until now. It is in that position that we can finally understand God's heart.

Today, our Unification Church has also come this far through God's historical providence. We can find the places where Abraham could receive blessings from God, where Moses could receive blessings from God, and we have come to a day where we can consider all the conditions of Israel's rise and fall. We know what path God is taking. However, we must not just passively acknowledge this. No matter how much I know this, it cannot relate to me. We need traces that can be models historically and in our real lives.

The question is how each of you will connect your realistic foundation, where you can say you have lived a life that can be a model before God's providence. This will become the condition for you to connect with God in the future.

When we look at our will, if we see this will as a whole, there is a cosmic will, and when viewed as individuals, there are individual wills. Here, the individual will, individual purpose, individual standards, family purposes, national purposes, world purposes, and cosmic purposes are all interconnected horizontally.

Among those here, for those who have been around for a long time, God has been seeking a purpose until now, and you must inherit that historical connection at the present point and establish a living foundation to push forward centered on that purpose through yourselves. For those who are new, it is important how they can leave results from the individual level, while for those who have been around longer, it is crucial to consider how to leave results through the living foundation that has been established within that scope. You must not stray from that standard.

Just as there are individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, when we view our church within the framework of providence, there is a stage of life where God's purpose can be fulfilled. It is similar to how historical stages of life are interconnected in all directions.

So, what should each of you do here? You must create a living standard that can be a model on behalf of history, and as individuals, you must relate to the historical content of God's work until now. Through that realistic foundation of connection, individuals must leave something that connects families, families must leave something that connects tribes, and tribes must leave something that connects nations. Furthermore, even if there is a direct relationship that shakes heaven and earth and causes the whole world to tremble, this must be absolute. Only then can we have a standard within the realm of a model life. Those who cannot have such a standard are pitiful.

Let us become people who can work together with God.

So, when you look at the will centered on the purpose, are you aligned with it? Are you taking steps towards the purpose that the will aims for? The greater the will, the more excellent the position, and thus the maximum effort must be exerted. History starts from there. We must pioneer from such a position that can be a model for history.

From this perspective, you are being too careless today. Where does a life that can represent and save the nation and state take place? You must find the standard that God is seeking on behalf of the nation and state, and then you must overcome the nation and state. Only then can you become a model representing the nation and state.

You should reflect on whether you have truly lived from such a position. You have drifted aimlessly. You have wandered around at your own pace. In every moment today, God is pushing you, and you should feel a heart that works together with God, leading the way for Him.
must become people who can push forward. Therefore, you must live each day with awareness. However, you are very far from such a position.

224   A Life That Becomes

The fall of humanity means to have fallen, to be divided, and to have created a gap. To compress this and bring it into contact, there must be a force stronger than any force trying to restrain it. Today, there is a gap among the 3 billion people living on this planet, so this must be compressed. The force that compresses this is not an external force but a heart. Although we cannot do it with our bodies, the force based on the world of heart is stronger than anything else. You must understand that a strong force regarding purpose, a strong force regarding consciousness of life, and a strong force regarding determination must act for us to narrow this gap today.

What was the determination and heart of Jesus when he decided his ultimate fate? Think about it for a moment. If it is a matter centered on an individual, it is not serious, but when it comes to a nation, it is serious. It is serious because one person's defeat can cause sorrow for the nation. Furthermore, it was serious because when one person is defeated, global issues are at stake. The moment that decides this is not about the decades of effort one has put in. No matter how much effort one has put in over those decades, it is not the history of those decades that matters; it is that one moment of decision that is crucial.

If one is defeated, who can know the sorrow of the defeated? Have you ever experienced a heart-wrenching position where you cannot speak to anyone while confronting your will and living in connection with God? Abel poured out his sincerity in such a position, Noah also formed a relationship with God in such a position, and Abraham devoted himself to God in such a position. You must understand that Moses was the same, and when Jesus prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane, “My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me; yet not as I will, but as you will” (Matthew 26:39), how serious was he? How earnest was he?

Why did our ancestors have to form a relationship with God in such miserable and serious positions? It is because we humans are within the realm of a fallen world. Being bodies bred in a fallen world, we cannot touch the original standard that is not fallen with the consciousness or recognition of this realm. We cannot deny the historical fact that our ancestors, who have laid the foundation for the restoration providence, formed a relationship with God in miserable and serious positions because God comes to the focal point where all sincerity in the world can unite. The fact that such historical positions are extended and inherited to future generations goes without saying. We, who stand in such a position, must ask ourselves whether we are truly living a life that becomes God in reality. We must be examples representing one nation and one world.

To bear a great burden is to receive great blessings.

The path we must take is the path that Adam had to surpass when he was tempted by the archangel before his fall, the path that Noah worked on for 120 years, the lonely path that Abraham walked as a wanderer without abandoning God's will after leaving his hometown, the path that Moses walked, the path that Jesus walked, and the path that all our ancestors walked throughout history. That path cannot be passed through in a free environment.

In a position of utmost seriousness, when the time of God's central providence is a familial age, we must surpass familial standards; when it is a national age, we must surpass national standards; when it is a global age, we must surpass global standards. We must surpass the trial processes corresponding to that age.

Today, we Unification Church members come here and want to unpack our burdens and live freely, but we must not unpack our burdens. We must change our burdens. The burdens we have carried until now are burdens that have nothing to do with us. However, the burdens we carry from now on are burdens that we must carry forever. But just because one feels that the burden they have taken on is heavy, they must not exchange it for a lighter burden. Even if that burden is absolutely necessary for all people, if one says, “I am weak, so I will carry a lighter burden,” then the foundation for the great blessings that must be achieved cannot be established. God must distribute the blessings that all people long for and need, so the heavier the burden one carries, the more God distributes blessings through that person, leading them to a precious position of blessings. If there is someone who is willing to carry the blessings that can be shared with the nation, that person becomes a historical ancestor who can represent the nation. From there, a new historical ancestor begins. You must understand this.

A person who becomes an example remains in the mainstream of history.

Unification Church members think that everything will be resolved once they enter here. However, it starts when you enter. Carrying burdens in the Unification Church is indeed the path that becomes an example for your ancestors. It is also a path that can be an example before all people in the current reality and can be an example for future generations. Whether you do well or poorly depends on whether your ancestors do well or poorly. Therefore, you must accelerate from here and put all your strength into moving forward.

The larger the nation, the greater the complexity of its affairs. Therefore, the person who takes on responsibility has a corresponding complexity in the scope of their responsibility. Today, the representatives of the Republic of Korea and the United States hold different positions. The leader of the Republic of Korea can solve the problems of this small peninsula, but they cannot solve the problems of a large country. The problems of a large country are connected to global issues, making them very difficult to resolve. They must be resolved in coordination with the fate and fortune of the world. The greater the responsibility, the wider the scope of that responsibility, and the more the corresponding cross and difficulties accompany it. One cannot work while avoiding this. In other words, I cannot achieve merit by making others suffer.

Therefore, you must lead history at this moment. You must put all your strength toward the purpose of the restoration providence. What I need before God is not to be someone entrusted with the purpose of the restoration providence, but to be someone who can push this forward through the nation and into the world. Today, Unification Church members should not simply be those who rejoice in their current position, but should establish a foundation here to push this forward before numerous denominations, passing through the nation and binding the world together. We need people who can do this. Such people are the ones God desires as examples on earth. Unless you become someone who fights for the purpose and lives a life that becomes an example, you will have no relationship with the developing history. You may have come out according to the will, but you will just flow away.

When it comes to the Han River, the mainstream centered around it still remains. The mainstream always remains the mainstream. No matter how much the times change and the environment shifts, that mainstream flows unchangingly. Even if a stream of water flows along with that unchanging mainstream, if it goes slightly against the direction of the mainstream or encounters a small condition, it will fall away.

So where does the mainstream of the Unification Church go? This mainstream should head toward the world, but if it starts to turn for the sake of the nation, it will break its connection with the mainstream of the world. When that happens, this new mainstream will be inherited by those who are prepared to inherit it. We must clearly understand where the purpose standard lies as we move forward centered on the will. The purpose of the Unification Church is not just one nation. It is not just the world. It is not just the earth. It must expel all the countless millions of satans in this world of hope. We are sacrificing toward this purpose of the mainstream.

The mainstream does not have a way to turn back. It chooses the closest path. If there is a way to go, it will follow it whether it lives or dies. Therefore, the mainstream is not afraid of encountering anything along the way.

Victory and defeat are determined at this very moment.

The same goes for the path of our Unification Church. Even if we encounter difficulties and get hurt first, we must be in a position to bear wounds for the sake of the whole; that is the path the mainstream flows. If we are just watching or thinking that we can go this far because others are here, then we are nothing more than a tributary. We must first grab hold of the flowing mainstream. Then we must demonstrate the ability of a mobile unit that can push through opposing conditions. All streams of water must follow the mainstream.

In light of this, we must consider how we should walk this path. At this time when all historical points begin, we must feel the seriousness of Noah. We must also seek the heart of Abraham, who left his hometown and mountains to follow God's will. Moses burned with indignation to return to his homeland with his people as they suffered more and more. He wanted to blow up all the barriers of his enemies in one go, abandoning all the glorious material life and rushing out; we must make such a resolution as well.

When we think in these terms, we must understand how important our current position is. Victory and defeat do not occur in the past. They do not occur in the future. They occur right at this moment. If we must fight against an enemy, and that enemy has become an expert in a field after decades of work, then that person is slandering us with all the skills they have honed in the past. To achieve ultimate victory, we must overcome and surpass the standards of such a person. We can achieve eternal victory. If we cannot surpass that, even if we have knowledge or abilities that the other person does not know, we must take that and fight.

So what must we do for the sake of restoration? We must enter into a position of shedding blood and tears, a position that ordinary humans do not like to be in, a position of sorrow. History must be connected through such processes. Therefore, a patriot must be someone who can shed tears for the nation. If the past history was miserable, one must have the autonomy to declare war on that miserable past and present. With that, one must cultivate the ability and initiative to deny the present. Without that, one cannot revolutionize this era. Furthermore, a patriot cannot emerge.

All the intentions that the prophets and sages of the past have gone through are only for a time. They cannot be seen as eternal standards. They can only be part of what can become an example in life, not the entirety of my life. They must have the belief that they, too, will benefit from my efforts. This is because the achievements left by the prophets and sages can serve as a stepping stone to push forward in the nation or the world, allowing them to benefit through us.

Therefore, our Unification Church must prepare to unravel the tangled history along with history. The living standards of the prophets and sages can serve as one material, but they cannot serve as the overall standard. Who must connect the overall standard? We must connect it. We must be sure that the lifestyle concepts of the members of the Unification Church become the expectations of the life that God desires. Now, you must be able to connect anything to your life when you are in difficulty. If you do that, when you pull on something, everything will be drawn to you. From a realistic standpoint, unless you are stronger than anyone from the past, you cannot think of a greater reality of connection. You must know this and understand how important the present is. Therefore, the ideology of our Unification Church values the present.

You must become someone who can become an example in the present with all your might. You must connect to the position where Abraham was blessed before God, where Moses brought forth the connection of blessings from God, and where Jesus said, “It is finished” on the cross, establishing the standard of being an example. You must stand in a position where God can have compassion.

The basics of a life that becomes an example

How complicated will the path we must take be in the future? However, no matter how complicated it is, we must unravel all this complexity. Therefore, we must have the mindset to smoothly overcome all this complexity and be able to go back and forth.

That is why there should be no one who says they cannot walk this path. We must go back and forth. Right now, we are in a pioneering stage, so when you say, “Come,” everyone must rush over. Therefore, the representative Unification Church members must go for the purpose of completion. It is not just about living there; they must return and bring all people with them. If Jesus had said while going to the cross, “Oh, this world! I shudder at the thought of coming back,” then he could not have come to this earth. Because there was a destiny to go and return, he thought of coming back while going, and that is why Jesus could return to this earth. We are the same.

Our Unification Church is also at the forefront of this nation, walking the path of pioneers, and we will reach the flatlands beyond the hills. When that happens, we must not just live there but drop the anchor of our wishes and return to bring all people and live.

The path we are currently walking will become the history of future generations. The history that has come down until now is a history of slander by Satan and a history of unfaithfulness to God, so it is useless for those who will come in the future. Therefore, through us, we must cut off their history and connect it with a good history, standing in a position that has been hidden behind the crossroads of good history until now, and only then will the kingdom of heaven be realized.

From this perspective, good must connect with good. Today, when we look at blessed families, they only want to live for their own families. However, that is not the purpose. Living together with mutual care is not the only purpose; we must live for the purpose of saving the nation. That is how one saves oneself. If one only tries to live for oneself, they will lose their own purpose and the purpose of the nation. You must understand this clearly.

So what is the basis of a life that becomes an example? It is to be a person needed to seek God, a person needed to illuminate our history, a person needed to pioneer this era, and a person participating in laying the foundation for the future. Based on such realistic standards, I must carry burdens and push forward. Thus, the achievements made in ten years must become a legacy that remains as my own in the historical era. You all must...
You must clearly understand this.  
How much of a trace will you leave in the remaining process of returning to the original state? Can you just throw it away because it’s bothersome?  
Ah, if it is necessary and possible, we must feel that we should definitely add to the efforts made by people. You must be able to recognize the environment when trying to fulfill your purpose.  
<Prayer> Father, we must be able to hear the words of being filial sons and daughters often. Many people appeal to You, saying they want to become filial sons and daughters and loyal subjects.  
However, we have come to realize how difficult it is to become true filial sons and daughters in the history of sorrow due to starting as unfilial ones on this fallen land. We also understand that it is overwhelming to now atone for this fallen world, which was established through ties with traitors who could not be loyal.  
Because this is self-evident, we have come to know that anyone who does not carefully judge and act with the heart that their words can judge history cannot pass through all these circumstances.  
Father, when we think about how the many ancestors left things that do not serve as standards for our entire lives, we understand that they too must receive benefits from us once again. We have realized that we cannot go before You without leaving behind traditions and achievements that can become a condition to connect all the focal points of history to the reality stage.  
Father, please remember the children of unification. We know that we must resolve the destiny of this nation. We understand that the world absolutely needs us. Because the world needs us, we know that You need us as well. Since we have become necessary before You, please allow us to understand that we are needed by You. We earnestly wish and hope for this.  
Those whom You can trust and need are necessary as the reality of historical resurrection, and this reality of resurrection is not something that remains there but is one that leaves behind a standard that can be a model in the world of hope. We sincerely hope and wish that many children can fulfill their duties of loyalty and filial piety before You with such a heart.  
Father, Father! Until now, we did not realize how tremendous the will You have required of us is. Now we know that we must comfort You and fulfill our duties of filial piety before You, but we also understand that it is too difficult to bear this.  
We have come to know that we cannot push this forward without resolving to risk our lives, so if there are Your children who wish to sacrifice everything with such determination and resolution, may You be with them completely, unite with their hearts, comfort them, encourage them, and be the source of strength, allowing them to navigate through today’s environment without any shortcomings.  
Now, Father, please protect the path that the group of unification will take. Allow us to devote our utmost to walking that path, and let us become Your children who carry the conviction that without us, no one can save all people as we cross that hill and pave the way with all our loyalty.  
Thus, may my personal life serve as a model, and my life become a model for all people, so that all people can live within that fence, and many future generations cannot surpass that fence, for I have come to understand that without laying such a foundation, the Kingdom of Heaven cannot be established on this earth.  
We have come to realize how precious it is to be sons and daughters who take responsibility in reality centered on such a life ideology, so we earnestly hope and wish to become such sons and daughters.  
Father, please allow us to devote ourselves with burning hearts for You, and let us become children who cry out that we will surely serve and honor You with hearts full of admiration and longing. May we not be those who receive Your love, but rather, may we be Your children who strive to establish the will of love.  
Today is a holy day, so may countless children scattered across South Korea feel this heart in reality and resolve to leave behind a historical foundation of life that can comfort You. When this becomes the standard, may You be comforted, and may we come to know that through discussions with You on this foundation, the hope for tomorrow is added. To do this, may we become Your children who clearly understand that we must put forth all our efforts and sincerity until the end of our lives.  
Today, Father, please bless all people and allow this day to be a precious day when Your glory can connect with us.  
On this day, may You be with the countless nations who worship for this, long for this, and eagerly await to meet with all their hearts. In establishing the model of tomorrow’s victory, may they become Your children who connect all their efforts and experiences into one purpose, one worldview, and one cosmic view without any shortcomings.  
Please allow us to become many children who can hold a center that can be a light before the coming and going ages, becoming Your pride and joy.  
I entrust all of this to You from this moment on, so please personally oversee it, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.  
Let us become the heirs of the Kingdom of Heaven.  
When looking at myself, I can see that my body and mind are divided. Also, when observing today’s civilized society and cultural world, I can see that there is an emphasis on the external rather than the internal aspect. And it has become a personal world. Even in religion, what started as a spiritual religion has now become a practical religion. In other words, what began as a spiritual religion has turned into a physical religion. Not only religion but everything has changed like this.  
The Mission of Yeast  
Now is the time to restore the materially transformed religion back to a spiritual religion. It is time to reclaim the spiritual human from the material human. So who will take on this responsibility? In other words, who will create the origin that transforms the materially changed religion into a spiritual religion and the material human into a spiritual human? We, who have the ideology of the Unification Church, must take on this responsibility. We must melt the church and this society with our ideology.  
That is, we must fulfill the mission of yeast before the general established churches and this world. To be able to do that, we must be stronger than the two forces. In order to blow up the satanic world and leave it behind, we must have a stronger essence than the satanic world. Just like in order to unify the North and South, we need a stronger power than the North and South.  
The communist party in the North is fully armed with false ideologies even after decades have passed. To break this, we must pray on behalf of the pain of this nation. And we must find a way to reach places they cannot go. Otherwise, unification will not happen.  
Unifying Korea is as challenging as unifying the entire world. However, because this is the historical focal point, everyone must unite at this moment. To unite, we must go through the process of being two. Only then can we possess the ability to digest both. Only then can we remain as one existence on that foundation.  
So what must you do now? You must unify the sinful world. To unify the sinful world, you must become yeast in the sinful world. How do you become yeast? It is not done through force. It is done through love. It must be done through tears and sweat.  
Until now, among the general public, there are those who view our Unification Church as an anti-religious organization or as a religious organization that serves as a model for socialism. Therefore, we must fulfill our responsibilities. When we fulfill that responsibility, the ideology of unification will be established on this earth.  
What we must do is drive out all the communist parties from the Korean Peninsula based on our ideology. We must drive out China from Asia. Furthermore, we must drive out the head of the communist party, the Soviet Union, from this land. To win this battle, creating a backing force is what the members of the Unification Church must do. Thus, we must first unify the North and South, and then unify China and the Soviet Union. We must unify the communist parties in three stages. Now that the Soviet Union and China fundamentally differ in ideology, unification is becoming easier. These days, the Teacher is strategizing on how to drive communism out of this planet.  
That is unifying history. So how do we unify history? Unifying history means recreating all things in history and applying the highest standard among them to reality so that it can start as the origin of a new history. You must have this subject consciousness.  
To have a true faith life  
Until now, religions have developed by having their founders die and connect with the spiritual world. However, our Unification Church connects the world with God’s will while the Teacher is still alive. This is the difference.  
Jesus or the founders of each religion cooperated with the spirit beings after going to the spiritual world, but we are different from such religions. The Teacher is alive on the ground, spreading the will through spirit beings who have gone to the spiritual world and through you. Therefore, our Unification Church can use the physical body on the ground to adjust the spiritual world and complete that purpose.  
A person who wrote about several spirit mediums in Africa said that when they pray, the Teacher appears. Why is that? It is because there is a connection between God and the Father. For the relationship between Father and child to be established, the living environment must be common, and emotions must resonate with each other. Otherwise, a relationship between Father and child cannot be formed. Living in a common living space with shared emotions is the lifestyle centered on the relationship between Father and child, so you must pray with such a close relationship in your living space.  
Among our members, those who live closely with the Teacher say it feels like living in heaven. When asked, they say they live in such a way that they mistake it for living in heaven. In fact, all of you must advance to such a position. Currently, there are many such people among our Unification Church members. To achieve this, you must pray diligently and sincerely. A virgin must love her husband more than anything else, and a bachelor must reach a position where he would risk his life for the woman he loves. Only then will you connect directly. You must reach that position.  
Humanity must be restored because the ancestors, Adam and Eve, fell. What does restoration mean? It means returning to a heart standard higher than that of Adam and Eve before their fall.  
If the Teacher is a central being who bears the cosmic responsibility to lead us back to such a standard, we can return through the Teacher. Therefore, your hearts will change to the point where you cannot endure not seeing the Teacher, cannot help but long for Him, and cannot help but want to serve Him. This is not a bad phenomenon. If you do not do this, you cannot overcome the hill of the fall.  
You must surpass the hill of love that is higher than the fall. Thus, you must develop a new emotional pioneering ground where the heart that admires and longs for God is stronger than anything in the satanic world. Only by standing in that position can you enter into God’s realm of love. When you enter that position, you will be able to go to the place of death without any problems according to the Teacher’s command. Those who make excuses about the Teacher’s commands are merely shells. Therefore, to serve the Teacher, you must pray sincerely.  
The foreign members of the Unification Church who are fighting alone in their missionary activities are being spiritually taught by the Teacher. When they meet the Teacher directly, they understand the Teacher’s instructions without needing any teaching. The headquarters is good, but in that respect, it is lacking. It is because the Teacher directly guides them, so there is no need for confirmation. Instead, you must understand that the commands or words given during direct guidance have more than double the value compared to what is spiritually taught. Do you understand what I mean?  
You have only been able to be zealous about what is taught in your prayers, but you do not know that direct teaching has several times more value than that. If you do not realize this, you will lose all your blessings to those who have been spiritually guided until now. Not knowing this is to disregard God. Those who disregard the value of gold and treasures cannot become their owners. Therefore, you must firmly establish your standards of living.  
No matter how difficult your situation may be, if you pray for three days, the Teacher will surely teach you. Only after going through such a connection can you establish a relationship between Father and child. You must pray through the night, wear God’s clothes, and take the place of God’s body. To do this, you must put in your sincerity.  
Just as you can only become a sacrifice after putting in your sincerity, you cannot achieve resurrection without going through the process of becoming a sacrifice. All the students and grandmothers gathered here must have been guided in this way. When food becomes available, you should not be able to eat alone. Even if there is a good place, you should not be able to go alone. You must move forward with the Father. However, you do not seem to understand this well.  
You must live a public life.  
What you must understand in the future is that you should not think of the Teacher as being the same as you. The Teacher knows in advance what can and cannot be done. For things that can be done, the body and mind easily get drawn in, and a stronger power spreads out than anyone else. However, for things that cannot be done, no matter how much you pray, they will not work. Yet, until now, all those who have been brought out do not believe this…  
The Teacher knows what can and cannot be done, so He also knows when there will be losses. However, when someone earnestly requests something while putting in their sincerity, even knowing that there will be losses, He grants that person’s request. This is because the Teacher cannot put in more sincerity than that person regarding that matter. Regarding that matter, since that person has put in the most sincerity, even if that matter fails, if that sincerity was offered from a public standpoint, detached from personal desires, it will never be forgotten. He is saying not to be discouraged because that matter did not succeed.
important than their own hometown. The suffering that comes from serving the nation and the people is a noble sacrifice. 

In the Unification Church, we must not think selfishly about blessings. This blessing is a condition for restoration through indemnity. The condition of restoration through indemnity is given to take responsibility for the fate of one's family. Therefore, we should think about restoring that family and overcoming the global satanic forces to pave the way to the world, rather than thinking about receiving blessings for ourselves. We must become those who share blessings, and if we think about receiving blessings for ourselves, that is a self-centered thought and a thought that leads to failure. This is an extremely important issue. This is where good and evil are separated. While blessings are precious, receiving them incorrectly can lead to ruin.

Blessed families are precious. However, blessed families must start from the position of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. They must start without clothes, just like Adam and Eve. But you all have clothes. Did Adam and Eve wear clothes in the Garden of Eden? They only covered themselves with fig leaves. They had no home. Considering that, we cannot say that the current blessed families are in a difficult situation. Do our blessed families lack homes or clothes?

To completely restore through indemnity, we must return to a position higher than that of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. If we try to return from a position lower than that, the standard for restoration does not match. In that sense, dancing naked may make sense. Adam and Eve must have danced naked, so it is possible to rejoice while naked. That is why there were spiritual groups in the past that danced naked. The clothes we wear are a result of human fall, and in the spiritual world, there is a movement to remove those clothes. Since the teacher knows all this, when he hears that the Unification Church danced naked, he thinks that such things could happen, even though they did not.

When Adam and Eve fell, they fell naked, and from that naked state, sorrow began. Therefore, to overcome that sorrow, they must rejoice while naked. Knowing this, the teacher remained silent even when he was insulted. In the past, those who did not know this suffered, but since the teacher knows it, he does not feel resentment. We have borne many false accusations from others. However, the teacher will never fail. Such things can happen in a spiritual group.

Who would have seen Adam and Eve dancing naked in the Garden of Eden? Therefore, in places where there are no people, such things can happen. If a couple dances naked in their room, is that something to worry about? But if they do so in front of others, it is something that should be criticized by society. Between a couple, who would care if they dance naked or do anything else? Therefore, blessed families should also dance naked together. What does it matter if it is between a couple?

Become those who prepare for the feast.
We need a will. Not the will of wicked parents, but the will of good parents. The will of parents is absolute. Most people place great importance on a will.

In the Bible, a new historical origin was established through Noah, a descendant of Adam. So what standards should we, as his descendants, set? Now, if our blessed family children cannot distinguish the conditions of accusation from the satanic world, they cannot receive blessings. To achieve complete blessings, we must receive the three blessings of rebirth, growth, and perfection.

Until now, blessed families have received blessings within the church. That is not a national blessing. The blessing of God's sons and daughters must be global. Therefore, the teacher will gradually hold larger joint wedding ceremonies in the future. This is to hasten the time when the world can synchronize with us. If we do this about seven times, it can happen. We have done it four times this year, and next year when the teacher goes abroad, he plans to bless foreign members three times. If that happens, it will become a global issue. By the end of this year, we will undoubtedly be able to send missionaries to 40 countries.

If that happens, the teacher is thinking of blessing the youth of the Unification Church in Japan, the United States, and Europe around late December or January according to the lunar calendar. This time, he plans to prepare engagements abroad and then call them back to Korea for weddings in the spring. By marrying youth from various countries, we can invite ambassadors from each country. Then who will give the congratulatory speech? It should be the leaders of those countries. In that case, that organization cannot help but become a global organization. If ambassadors from each country come and their leaders give congratulatory speeches, wouldn’t that be top news worldwide? We have laid that foundation.

Whenever the teacher gives orders, foreign members are bound to follow those orders unconditionally. Therefore, this year, we will undoubtedly bless youth from more than 40 countries. Then, at least 10 countries must be responsible from Korea. To achieve the son-in-law expectation, we must take responsibility for 10 countries each, right? If we have 40 countries, then we can take responsibility for 10 countries each and restore them, making it possible to send missionaries to 120 countries within seven years. What will happen to our Unification Church after the first seven-year course, the second seven-year course, and the third seven-year course? The teacher will not speak about that. You will know when the time comes.

The teacher is considering whether to make you spectators until then or to make you those who prepare for the feast. What do you think? Will you be those who prepare, or those who watch? "I will be those who prepare." When there is a feast for the son, who is the first to prepare? The father and mother prepare first. So will you prepare in place of your parents? Even if your parents are preparing, you should at least have a heart to prepare.

However, when I look at you, you all seem to be people who want to watch. What is the difference between those who prepare and those who watch? A spectator is only involved for a few hours. However, a preparer is someone who is involved forever. A preparer is a necessary person, but a spectator is a bothersome person.

So are you those who prepare for the Unification Church, or those who watch? "I am those who prepare." How wonderful it would be if everyone were a preparer! To prepare well, what must we do? Since it is a big feast, we must have a grand plan. So how can we have a big feast if we eat all we want, wear all we want, do everything we want, and play all we want? If we are not careful, we will become spectators. Were you born to be spectators for several years? Now you must prepare centered on eternal purposes, but if you are not careful, you will become spectators.

Endure injustice and resentment.
Just because you are in the Republic of Korea, does that mean everyone is a citizen of the Republic of Korea? No. Among them, there are also foreigners who have come to watch. Those who are loyal to the nation and lead the way to establish the nation, demonstrating a pioneering spirit and contributing to the country are those who prepare for the nation. However, if there are those who only take advantage of the nation or exploit it, they are like thieves or fraudsters. If you were born in the Republic of Korea and cause harm to it, you are like a thief. Also, those who do not cause harm but only watch are the same. 

In this way, people can be classified as thief citizens, spectator citizens, and preparer citizens. So what kind of citizen will you be? You must be better than a thief and better than a spectator. Therefore, when the nation is sad, you should cry first, and when the nation is in difficulty, you should solve that difficulty first.

The same goes for our Unification Church. There are those who want to take advantage of the Unification Church, those who want to use it, and those who have come to watch. However, there are also those who prepare for the Unification Church. Which category do you belong to?

If you become those who prepare in the Unification Church, your hearts will align with the teacher. Therefore, by paying attention to the teacher's sermons, you will absorb this into your life concepts and be able to develop content that can add value to your own environment. 

When a feast is held, the host serves all the food to the guests. After that, the host eats the leftover crumbs. During the feast, the taste of the food does not register. Even if you eat the rice cake after the feast, it tastes delicious because you think, "This rice cake contributed to our feast." During the feast, the host does not know the taste of the food. Also, even if it is fun, the host does not know the fun. For the host, what is most important is how the guests felt about the taste of the food. If the outcome is good, everything can be good, but if it is bad, it will leave pain.

So has our Unification Church started the feast? We are currently in the preparation stage, and soon the time for the feast will come. Rumors are starting to spread little by little. That is why there are fights, and the mess is going back and forth.

If beggars come to the feast and fight among themselves, causing chaos, those who do not know the content will say it was the host's fault. In such cases, any host would inevitably be blamed. However, there will also be those who stand by the host and say, "Someone came and acted badly." The teacher is also someone who has been blamed. However, many people say that the Unification Church leader is not a frivolous person but was forced to take the blame. 

Indeed, I am currently wearing the dirtiest rags and taking on all the blame. However, there will come a time when this will be needed in the spring. At that time, I will explain it in principle and use it as material to cultivate this nation and people. Since it has come to this point, the teacher thinks he has created fertilizer that can yield good results in the satanic world. That is why the teacher is increasing the opposition.

Therefore, the Unification Church aims to turn the worst things in the world into our own. If there is something bad, we must take root there, absorb it, digest it, and then bring about the resurrection of a new life form. Even if we fall into a pit of filth, if we can take root there with new life, that place can become more sacred than a sanctuary built through a thousand years of prayer. Are we spectators or preparers? These days, when we try to prepare, all sorts of things happen, right? The Unification Church needs people who push forward, but there are many who are turned around.

If the teacher compares the time he started this path 20 years ago with you now, you are very fortunate. When the teacher first walked this path, it was right after World War II and the liberation of the Republic of Korea. If the established churches had done well at that time, the teacher would have fulfilled his purpose quickly. If that had happened, people like President Johnson of the United States would have become friends. The established church members should have followed the teacher well at that time. Looking back, it pains the heart.

The teacher has fought from a place of hardship, shedding blood and sweat. He has endured sorrow greater than the tears of Adam after the fall, and resentment greater than Adam's original resentment. This is the formula for restoration.

A secret royal inspector with God's command.
When the teacher prays, waves are created. What does this mean? It means that when the teacher sends out a frequency, the waves of that frequency cross over and signal that the time to turn back has come. When such a time comes, one must take responsibility, but it is not painful. How happy is this journey? In the future, it will be filled with great hope.

You will feel the same. The joy you feel when you receive a notice of acceptance from a highly competitive school cannot be expressed in words. So when the day of the entrance ceremony arrives and you step through the school gate, the feeling at that moment is indescribably joyful. Similarly, your daily life centered on the purpose must be like that.

Think quietly about being on a holy path that comes from the call of the Lord who created the universe. Where can there be a moment of rest? You still have habitual concepts inherited from your parents. Why do you live like that when you have received a heavenly mission? Like the secret royal inspectors of old, you are heavenly special envoys, sent to roam the wicked world, inspecting and overseeing. You must live your life in the same position as the secret royal inspectors of old.

To carry out the restoration movement in the world, you must disguise yourself and do all sorts of things. What you do for this purpose is not a sin. Even if the inspector drinks in front of the subjects, it is not a sin. Even if the inspector drinks makgeolli in a tavern and dances the night away, it is not a sin. However, this is not to be absorbed into that place but to explore the deep valleys of that place. It is a struggle to explore while rebelling. Since the teacher has taken on the responsibility of a global inspector, it is wonderful that you do not criticize him no matter what he does in places like America.

According to the heavenly mission, I have learned this and that. I must be able to say that I need to settle this. When the day comes to report with a record of achievements, I will not fear death when I stand before the Lord. Do you understand what I mean? Death is not scary. Is dying scary or not? "Not scary." But for everyone, it is scary. You do not have the hope to feel that way. You must return to your hometown. In Korea, the dead are buried in their hometowns, and this is revelatory.

Do not become spectators. You must never think of being indebted to the church. The teacher does not owe you anything. I absolutely do not intend to make you indebted to me. Whether we fail or succeed will determine whether we receive indemnity or not.

A brother centered on God.
The Unification Church must pass through three countries. If it is Asia, it must pass through the end of Asia, and if it is Europe, it must pass through the end of Europe, and if it is Africa, it must pass through the end of Africa. After that, centered on them, we must cross borders and overcome national sentiments, shedding tears for them and dedicating ourselves to them with a heart like God's. 

In such a position, even if it is difficult, one must prioritize the nation and the people over their own hometown.
You must long for it. You need to ask yourself whether such feelings can take precedence. When you are in a foreign land, even if tears fill your empty heart, you must resolve to carve out a shortcut for God, who has searched for this sorrowful land for 6,000 years, so that heaven can be present here and you can meet a day of joy. When you enter that holy place where such a sign is planted, you can establish a joyful connection with God on behalf of this nation. To do that, tears must blind your vision, and your blood must boil. You must go to a place where nothing can surpass that heart-wrenching feeling. The heart planted in such a place becomes a motivation for future generations to prepare for their purpose, ideals, and nation. On this foundation, we must create a global holy site. That holy site must be thought of as sharing a destiny with me.

All people on this earth are pitiful. That is why we are currently running at full speed. You must recognize how precious True Parents are. You should feel that there is much to do but not enough time, and you must live a meaningful life in accordance with your purpose.

We must transcend the differences of nations and cultures and become one family. Being brothers does not mean thinking of each other as blood brothers. We are the sons and daughters of God centered on God. When we say brothers in this world, we think of sons and daughters centered on our fleshly parents, that is, our biological parents. However, the brothers we speak of are those centered on the eternal God. How wonderful is He? He is far more wonderful than your mother or father who gave you birth, an indescribably magnificent being.

He is the one who created heaven and earth, the very source of existence in today’s world. He is the origin of existential value. Because of Him, this phenomenal world began today. Such an absolute being does not change with the times. The absolute does not change. It is also not restricted by time or space. He is the one who governs all limitations from a position that transcends all constraints. So who is that being? We cannot just call Him God.

He is our Father. You must call Him Father God. What should we call God? "Father." That Father is the one who gave you birth. Because humanity fell, the need to be reborn arises, but He is originally your Father who gave you birth. Your physical father is the one who bridges you. When you go to the spirit world, you will not call him Father but rather Brother. (Laughter) The same goes for your mother; you will not call her Mother.

What do those who have the roots of parents call God? They all call God Father, just as they do in Christianity. In one household, both the grandfather and the father call God Father, and the grandchildren also call God Father. Everyone in the family calls God Father. In this way, God becomes a Father to all humanity. Therefore, God becomes a Father to humanity, and humanity becomes brothers to each other. Sometimes I think it would be really interesting if that were to happen in the spirit world.

Human beings are said to be brothers, so who is the closest brother in the spirit world? The closest brother in the spirit world is not a horizontal brother. In this world, which relationship is closer, that of father and son or that of brothers? The relationship of father and son is closer than that of brothers, so when you go to the spirit world, your father will be the closest, followed by your grandfather, then your grandfather's grandfather, and so on. As you go up, who will be the ancestor? That being is God. Therefore, you should not feel lonely if you have no friends in this world, nor should you be sad if you live and die alone. 

In the spirit world, there are countless close brothers above and beside you. However, you do not become brothers just like that. You must possess the privilege of having God as your Father to be able to become brothers with all these beings.

Would you feel bad about calling your father Brother and your grandfather Brother? Would you feel good or bad? Depending on how you think, you might feel bad. You called him Father in this world, but now that you are in the spirit world, you call him Brother; how bad would that make your father feel? However, you must call him that. Why must you do so? Because only in that position can you become the son of the family of the ancestral house. If that is the case, there can only be one son of the ancestral house, but if everyone becomes the son of the ancestral house, what would happen? You might think that would be impossible, but in the spirit world, everyone can become the son of the ancestral house. Centered on God, everyone can become the descendants of the ancestral house. In this world, when the owner of a wealthy family dies, he bequeaths his property to his children. It is customary for the eldest son, who will become the heir, to receive half of the inheritance, while the other sons receive the remainder.

However, it is not so in the spirit world. All spirits in the spirit world must become descendants of the ancestral house, so God does not need to distribute all His possessions. Therefore, when there is unity among brothers, what belongs to the elder brother also belongs to me.

Thus, the issue is to become one among brothers. When you consider the generations of your ancestors, the generations will differ. However, when the ancestors of the ancestral house become completely one, the descendants thereafter will inherit the universe. In other words, centered on the descendants of that ancestral house, they will govern the heavenly world.

To create such descendants, the Israelite people were established as the chosen people. However, because they failed to take responsibility, everything was taken away from them.

Then, who will possess such ancestral authority? Because the Israelite people failed to take responsibility, they are in a state of being suspended in the air. Which nation will reclaim this? A nation that strives, a people that strives, a person that strives can certainly seize the right to proclaim themselves as the universal descendants of the ancestral house. This is what our Unification Church aims to do. We do not just want to talk about it; we want to put it into practice. We want everyone to try it.

Are all people coming to our Unification Church? Today, in Presbyterian or Methodist churches, they call themselves orthodox while labeling our Unification Church as heretical. Whether we are heretical or orthodox will become clear in time, but for now, it does not feel good. Do you feel good about it? When they call themselves orthodox and us heretical, there should be a difference between heresy and orthodoxy. However, the difference should not be as great as it is now. To inherit all the legacies of the universal ancestral house, we must not be just a little different. The ancestral house is inherited according to a lineage that can become one like a single body, following the bloodline.

So what should religious people, especially Christians, do? They should not treat our ancestors, who were born until now, as ancestors. Among the many ancestors who came and went since Adam, there may have been good ancestors, but because they also disbelieved in God, we should not treat them as ancestors. We should not treat them as ancestors.

Then who are our ancestors? Our fallen ancestors have become ancestors who could not unite. However, among them, there were outstanding chosen ancestors. We should respect those who stand in the lineage of the descendants entrusted with God's work, and we have brought forth ancestors like Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, as recorded in the Bible. Therefore, we want to become one with those ancestors. We want to regard the Father they called upon, the Father they served, and the Father they revered as our Father.

For the ancestral house to prosper, we must accept and practice the laws and customs passed down from our ancestors. If someone says, "What does that matter to me? Let it be whatever it will be," they cannot become descendants of the ancestral house. Even if such a person is born as a descendant, they cannot be a true descendant.

Then what kind of descendants can inherit the great legacy of the ancestors? They must be better than the ancestors up to now and must be descendants who can take on countless responsibilities that no ancestor could fulfill. Our Unification Church members must become such descendants. To become such descendants, you should not be someone who likes your ancestors; rather, your ancestors should like you. In other words, you should not be someone who likes God; rather, God should like you. You should not be someone who wants to serve God in heaven; you should be someone who wants to serve God on earth.

From this perspective, we can see that the ideology put forth by our Unification Church is superior to that of established churches. While established churches today may claim to be orthodox, we are better than those groups. We should strive to be filial piety that serves God on earth, and loyal subjects and virtuous women who serve God on earth. In this regard, we are ahead of established churches in inheriting orthodoxy.

So when we compare established churches with ourselves, who is orthodox? We must confront and see who is orthodox and who is heretical. There must be a battle to determine orthodoxy. However, there is no need for a fight. If you just observe quietly, you will understand.

No matter how much weathering occurs, real gold does not change. However, fake gold changes when weathering occurs. Similarly, true Unification Church members do not change with weathering, but members of established churches do change with weathering.

If you think you are orthodox, I have confidence that I will not be affected by weathering. Are you confident in that?

Even if a thousand years of history changes, the ideology we have established will not change. Such an ideology can become an orthodox ideology that can move a thousand years of history. Furthermore, if that ideological standard does not change until the end of this world, the world will be governed by that ideology. If a certain ideology changes after a hundred years, the ideology that caused that change will dominate the world. If an ideology that has flowed for a thousand years changes, even if that ideology has been respected as orthodox throughout history, that ideology and its thought will break apart.

You must have absolute faith. When you look at the sad history of heaven, if you are people who have the disposition to be the grandchildren of God and inherit the great enterprise of heaven, you must have the confidence that you will not change. But do you have that mindset? You lack that confidence, and that is why you are being robbed. Therefore, you have not yet taken the position of a master who will lead the world. During the period of debt, anyone can take that away.

You must have the confidence that you can take everything from the founder of the Unification Church. If you cannot do that and someone comes along to take it away suddenly, then you will be robbed by that person. In that case, a struggle will arise at that boundary, whether I take it or I lose it. At that time, should I yield and say, "I am originally a good person, so you win"? You must fight. If you yield there, the Christianity that has believed for thousands of years will collapse. Then the privileged authority that God wanted to establish, the ancestral traditions that He has held until now, will completely crumble.

From that standpoint, what does God want? God is the judge in such matters. Therefore, even if something stronger than that standard exists, you must confront and overcome it. Then God gives to those who do not lose. This is the right path.

Then does the Unification Church and its founder have an ideology that can claim that the whole world is captivated by our ideology? Do you have the confidence to overcome even if 3 billion people attack you with arrows, guns, and cannons all at once? To stand in such a position, many ancestors, such as Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, are necessary. Even God is absolutely necessary. But the question is whether you are standing in such a position. Without determining such conditions, it is unreasonable to claim to be the absolute descendants of God and to root all authority on earth.

Have you thought about your faith life centered on such beliefs? When I look at you, most of you think, "Others are going, so I will go too," or "I should believe in the Bible because I have to." With such thinking, if someone comes and touches you, you change. You have lived in an ever-changing environment, swaying and stumbling along. However, faith must be absolute. Since God is absolute, you must also be absolute. Is there anyone who thinks that way? Raise your hand if you do.

When the path you are on becomes difficult, you complain, "Oh, it's hard and painful; I can't go on. It wasn't like this in the past; why is it so complicated and difficult now?" However, as your livelihood grows, it is natural for things to become more complicated and difficult. When comparing a master who lives with a thousand subordinates to a master who lives with ten thousand, the latter's life is more than ten times more complicated and burdensome.

Do you think that the God who created heaven and earth will grant your wish if you say, "God, please make it happen my way," with a disposition that can be blown away by a gust of wind? That is nonsense.

Faith and religion are fundamentally necessary as a source to overcome the pain of life and death. Without overcoming this, it is impossible to establish the ideals of heaven on this earth. You cannot achieve such things after death. That is why Unification Church members must possess the subjectivity to comfort God based on a victorious standard that has overcome the pain of death while being alive. Only then can we build heaven.

From this principled perspective, where are the people who can believe? Forget about achieving heaven; do you even have confidence that you can go to heaven? The Unification Church emerges from a higher standard that God desires, and you must clearly understand that the path you are taking and your current position do not meet that standard. You must acknowledge this. Do you acknowledge this point? Aunty, think about it. Do you acknowledge it or not? "I acknowledge it." You cannot avoid acknowledging it. If you do not, you must be forced to do so. If you leave those who do not acknowledge it alone, the purpose will not be achieved.

There are two methods to achieve the purpose with such people. One is to sweep all these people into the trash can and start anew, and the other is to reheat and bake these people again. In other words, it is a method of regeneration. When trying to regenerate, can the object being regenerated say, "This is the best for me, so please do not touch this and regenerate me with that"? That cannot be the case. Therefore, you must suffer unconditionally. You are told to suffer without questioning or arguing. What kind of suffering? It is the suffering to establish heaven. To establish heaven, you must first establish the nations of this world. You cannot establish heaven without establishing the nations of this world.
So, our Unification Church aims to establish a world nation first. It is about pushing away this evil world. To create a world nation, we must eliminate evil. If we are to establish the Republic of Korea, we must sweep away everything that is evil within it. No matter what anyone says, we must not forgive and must sweep it away. You must clearly understand that without standing in the true position and achieving victory, you cannot build heaven or go to heaven. It cannot be done just adequately.

To be a patriot who can overcome any difficulties for a nation, one must not be able to go to heaven. Can God call someone who cannot even be a loyal subject or virtuous woman in a nation His sons and daughters? If that were the case, Satan would say, "In this world, there are more people loyal to me than your sons and daughters." That is why God has made us suffer for thousands of years until now. Therefore, you must also suffer.

What is the purpose of putting the entire nation of Israel in a position of contempt and making it suffer? It is because to build heaven on this earth, there must be a nation, and that nation must overcome trials and pass the standard of victory. That is why Jesus also overcame trials centered around the nation. Likewise, many saints and prophets today have ended their lives miserably on this earth because they tried to confront and overcome trials centered around the nation. Such people are historical figures and patriots of that nation. Those who are not like that will simply remain.

Therefore, the 36 families of the Unification Church must have such a mindset, and the blessed families of the 72 families, 120 families, and 430 families must all become individuals who can overcome trials with practical authority centered around such a mindset, regardless of any individual. But can heaven be established from a position that cannot introduce God to one's own country? That is like sleep talking, not even the sleep talking done at night, but the kind done during the day. However, as long as there is a will among the young people of the Unification Church, the future of the Unification Church is special.

As mentioned earlier, we must become the ultimate descendants centered on God. To become descendants, one must be a descendant that the ancestors who have come down for thousands of years can require. Therefore, we must resolve the mistakes made by Adam and Eve in the Adam family, resolve the injustice of Abel being killed by Cain, and resolve everything that prevented God's wish to leave behind the eight members of Noah's family to plant in this world. We must also resolve the grievances of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Moses, and Jesus. Thus, we must become the final tribe that all of these figures require.

Historically, there are many nations and countless ethnic groups across all borders, but those countless ethnic groups that have come and gone must also choose one nation that can become descendants in the future. Which nation will that be? Will it be America, or will it be Korea? "It must be Korea." You all say it must be Korea. However, if you ask Americans, they will insist that it must be America. Because in the history of the world, America is superior to any nation, it does not need a foundation to be blessed, so they will say it must be America.

And if we look at the numbers, comparing the number of Koreans and Americans today, who is more numerous? When comparing Americans and Koreans, it is 6 to 2. The number of Christian believers in America is about 120 million. God is also counting the numbers. To save the world in the future, many people are actually needed. If God sees that America and Korea are in the same position, it is only natural that He would want to work from a numerically larger and prepared foundation.

But can Korea become that? Korea is Korea because it has much grievance. People say it is Korea because they form one nation and one bloodline, but that is not true. It is Korea because of its grievances. The grievance is not because of lack of money, but because of not being able to meet their fathers and mothers. You are orphans.

The world is currently at war. Advanced countries are fighting to dominate weaker nations centered on their own power. However, if they fight and exploit with such unprincipled power, they will be punished. They must follow the path that God has paved in principle and achieve victory. That is God's wish.

There is no teaching in religion that strikes, hits, or takes away. However, in the world, there are many cases where victory is achieved through power. 

Then what does our Unification Church aim to do? Even if the world perishes, we must become the descendants of the ancestral house, and even if the world becomes one, we must still be the descendants of the ancestral house. Otherwise, we will perish. If a second son says he will offer sacrifices to the ancestors in front of the first son of the ancestral house, that first son will be humiliated. Therefore, the first issue is how to receive and place the sign of being a descendant. It is not about the nation. The kingdom of heaven is a subsequent issue, and the world is a later issue. The primary issue is to become the descendant of the ancestral house.

When viewed from the perspective of God, whose house is the ancestral house? It is God's house. Therefore, the issue is becoming a descendant in that house centered on God. So how do we become descendants? One cannot become a descendant if one is worse than Abraham. If Abraham could have become a descendant, the will would have been fulfilled at that time, and if Noah could have become a descendant, the will would have been fulfilled during Noah's time. There is no need to come down for 2,000, 4,000, or 6,000 years. If Abel had become a descendant, the will would have been fulfilled at that time. If the mission of the descendants had been fulfilled during Jesus' time, the will would have been completely fulfilled. If the will had been fully accomplished, why would there be a need to come again? Therefore, the descendants must be better than Jesus and the apostles of that time.

When I say this, established church members say, "Our Lord is an omniscient and omnipotent God and is part of the Trinity, so how can you say you must be better than Jesus? That is blasphemous heresy." But it should not just be heresy; it should be twofold, threefold, or even tenfold. We must be better than Jesus. Thus, we must become God's descendants, whom Jesus can earnestly request. This is because Jesus could not become a descendant, so He has a mission to come again.

There is a treasure house filled with the boundless treasures of the universe, and what is the key to open that treasure house? It is being a descendant of God. At the end of days, the authority to open the treasure house with the key will belong to the one who has the authority of a descendant. Do you understand what I mean?

When I say this, many people think that the Unification Church is very greedy. Despite the numerous great figures and saints in history, they would say that we are trying to push all of them aside to become the best. However, we must become the best. We must hold this mindset to engage in global activities; we cannot just eat what others have left behind.

Jesus and the Teacher

I did not create the Unification Church from somewhere. It is something new that has never existed in history. Even if it is a banquet table, it must be a new table, and even if it is a table of ruin, it must still be a new table. We must live boldly. Even if it is a prosperous table, it must be the best new table, and even if it is a table of ruin, it must still be the best new table. So, if you think the Unification Church will perish, should you pack your bags and run away, or should you get closer if it seems to prosper? If it is a banquet house, you can at least look over and find something to eat. There are people who come to eat and leave like this.

Coming as a guest to a banquet and eating is not hard and feels good. However, the person preparing is in dire straits. Likewise, if God has prepared for 6,000 years, it means He has suffered for more than 6,000 years. Therefore, if we are to prepare a banquet, we must have the strength to feed 30 million and, if money is needed, we must have the willingness to give to host a banquet for 30 million. If we cannot even host 30 people, we should not think about being the owner. After hosting a banquet for 3 billion people, more must come. With this mindset, we must have the heart to wait without sleeping at night to become the owner of a banquet that can feed 3 billion people.

There are 3 billion people, and if about 100 million come and you think, "That’s enough," and then sleep, you will end up losing them again.

With such a magnificent and tremendous foundation, you must decisively determine your own authority and begin to calculate from that position. However, if you cannot establish such a foundation and start calculating, you will end up failing. You will perish without even seeing, smelling, or experiencing it. So, what did I say is the most important issue? It is to become a descendant.

There may be people here for the first time today, but the person speaking now is the so-called Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. Look closely. This is the so-called founder of the Unification Church. I did not create such a title. It was given by the people of the world, and since the name is not bad, I am using it.

At times, there have been rumors calling me "Moon Jesus." I do not think I am inferior to Jesus. Even in terms of education, I have studied more than Jesus, and I am confident that I can beat Jesus in any way. Even in wrestling, Jesus would lose to me. I am confident that I can win in sports and running as well. The Teacher has a disposition that does not want to lose to anyone in anything. I also think that I do not lose to anyone in intellectual matters. If I had aimed to become a university professor, I would have become a well-known professor in Korea.

Do you think Jesus, being the omniscient and omnipotent Son of God and the King of Kings, would be the best in everything? No, that is not the case. Is Jesus the best in wrestling? Is He the best in marathon? Is He the best at eating? No, that is not the case. However, there is one thing He excels at. That is defeating Satan. That is all Jesus is good at. Is that Jesus omniscient and omnipotent? The term omniscient and omnipotent applies to God, and Jesus is just His Son. He does not do it by Himself; He must be taught by God.

Let us become the remaining descendants at the end of days.

Who can remain at the judgment seat at the end of humanity? It is the descendants. The Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is someone who has studied how to become a descendant of God. This is why I have devoted my whole life to fighting until now.

To become a descendant before God, one must stand at the 0-degree line among the 360 degrees. That position is the place of Alpha and Omega. In that position, even if you stand upside down, you are still within that line. Therefore, on the day you first enter that line, without going or making an effort, you can inherit heaven and earth. If you think about it, it is wonderful.

Right now, I am looking at you, and you are looking at me. However, among you, there is only one person who can look at me straight. It cannot be two. This is because the angles from which you see the Teacher standing here are all different. Those who see me from the side might say, "The Teacher has a nose like this, wears clothes like this, and has a body like that." Another person from the other side might describe me differently, and all opinions would be different. In this way, there can only be one person who can look at me straight.

In the same way, there is only one true descendant that God is looking for. There are no two anywhere in this world. If Jesus had become a descendant, heaven would have been established from that time. However, because He could not become a descendant, God has not seen a true descendant until now. Therefore, a descendant must come to this earth. However, that descendant must not come spiritually. No matter how much you think outside the principles of the Unification Church, it cannot be spiritually.

A person coming as a descendant must become a standard to become a descendant. And that person is the Teacher of the Unification Church. Whether this statement is right or wrong, you must praise me just for the fact that I have thought about becoming a descendant. (Laughter) 

Whether one is a descendant or not is a subsequent issue. Just the fact that one is aiming fairly at the target should be welcomed with both hands raised. What will happen on the day one becomes a descendant? The joy will be beyond words. If that happens, there should be cheers and clapping in welcome.

Abebe became famous for winning the marathon at the Olympics twice, but if the Teacher becomes the standard of descendants, He will become more famous than Abebe worldwide. If He does not become famous, it means God is failing, and the entire world is failing. That is why, on the day that standard is established, no matter where He is, God will be exalted and become famous worldwide.

How wonderful would it be if that being comes to this earth and we can live in His presence? You must become the kind of people who say, "I want to see Him at least once before I die," and have a longing that binds your heart. If you can say that you would have no regrets after seeing Him, there would be nothing to fear in heaven and earth. If you have such a heart and live with it, it does not matter if one arm is cut off, one leg is cut off, or even if all are lost. If you have such a heart, you are living a heavenly life on earth.

As I have been touring this time, I have seen that all the people gathered are quite frivolous. They are complaining that they are not being recognized or treated well. If you recognize such people, you will perish. You must realize that your value is only at that level.

Do you think it would be comfortable to become the eldest daughter-in-law or son of the ancestral house? The ladies here know from their past experiences of living in a family. Can you act freely after giving birth to children while living with in-laws like tigers? If you do so, the neighborhood will gossip and it will become a problem. Even at the age of eighty, you must wear socks in the heat of summer to maintain your dignity. How difficult must that be? The more of an ancestral house it is, the more authority must be elevated to be a true ancestral house.

When Unification Church members strive towards the purpose of becoming descendants, that path is the most challenging path. It is not easy to walk that path. It is difficult. However, achieving something difficult is what brings joy. Even if you collapse from exhaustion, a person who sleeps after fulfilling their responsibilities is a happy person. There is human value in doing so, and it is in doing so that the world melts away. When that happens, good and bad are distinguished.
The Path of the Unification Church is the Path to Becoming a Heir

When you think about it this way, it is astonishing to consider that you are coming out for the purpose while the teacher has been pioneering this path. It may be rude to say this to those who have just joined, but the teacher does not want to meet new people these days. When trying to converse with them, it doesn’t take long before I feel nauseous. Those people only want to live comfortably and speak from that perspective, so how can we be in sync?

The teacher tells the Unification Church members that we must establish a heavenly kingdom on earth, but that kingdom does not just come about on its own. He said that to establish the heavenly kingdom on earth, one must become an heir, and to become an heir, one must either marry into a noble family or establish a foundation in that family; otherwise, one cannot be an heir. 

So what does the Unification Church's Teacher want to do? It is not that the teacher has nothing to do and wants to endure insults at this age while doing this work. Does the teacher have horns growing out of his head? What is different about him from others? In the world, they say that the Unification Church's Teacher destroys families and takes advantage of others, but that is absolutely not true. It is the complete opposite of what they are propagating. Rather, I want to feed you. Even now, I have spent about 24 million won on expenses this year. But have you converted 2,400 people? The teacher is working hard, but are you all just slacking off like a bunch of delinquents? I think of you as infants who have not even celebrated their first birthday yet. So can I expect anything from such a young baby? I need to feed you a bit more. When everything can be done, it is comfortable to think that it can be entrusted to you. If not, when we meet face to face, it only turns my stomach.

To Properly Receive Training to Become an Heir

I repeat, we must become descendants of noble families. If there are people who wish to become descendants without being able to, those people are thieves. Such people are like kindergarteners claiming they want to write a graduate thesis. Such people should pack their bags and go home to grow up first. To be honest, this is not a place where anyone can just come. It is not that many people are needed. It takes fewer than 30 people to move a nation. The same goes for the world.

You might wonder if I am saying you should voluntarily retreat, but that is indeed the case. If you wish not to retreat, you must always be concerned about being indebted to God. If you have that mindset, you will open up fully, feed, nurture, and train so that the teacher can do what he wants to do. So do you like training or not?

If you receive training, three meals a day won’t be enough; you should eat four. And if you think the sleeping arrangements should be better than our home, those people will all fail. To receive training, you must undergo rigorous training. Now, those who are willing to receive training, raise your hands. Those who do not raise their hands will fall under the condition of indemnity. Such people will find it hard to associate with the teacher. Those who are willing to receive training, raise your hands again. It’s okay to lower them if you want. Since everyone raised their hands to receive training, does that mean you are okay with undergoing rigorous training? “Yes.”

Then how rigorous will that training be? If you say you are receiving training while following behind others and just watching, you have received some training. For example, if there is a shop on the roadside, buying and drinking beverages and eating snacks while following along counts as training. But is that really good training? There cannot be two methods to receive good training. Everyone must receive it uniformly.

The same goes for the standard of filial piety. It must be consistent across history. There should not be differences where this is the case in one era and that is the case in another. The standard of virtuous women is the same. Moreover, the love between true couples must be something that can be praised beyond history.

To be established in any era of history, one must receive good training. You all must think you should receive good training. However, when asked if you are confident in receiving it well, you become hesitant. Therefore, you are all those who seek sympathy from one thing to ten.

Among those who are here for the first time, there may be some who think, “Why is that person speaking so loudly?” and feel uncomfortable. However, no matter how much you criticize, you will inevitably have to listen to my words. Even if you are a PhD or the prime minister of a country, you must not violate this principle. If it does not adhere to this principle, it is fake. No truth, no reality, no formula, no unit can exist without adhering to the principle that one plus one equals two. This is not a matter of male or female authority. God cannot do that either. If God could do that, He would have moved us. Then it would conclude that God is a being who makes promises but cannot keep them. Therefore, God cannot change that principle either.

Now, I must train you, but what kind of training will I give? It must be rigorous training. How rigorous will that training be? You must suffer on behalf of 30 million people and cultivate the strength to lead 30 million. Only then can you stand at the forefront to shout to build the heavenly kingdom on behalf of the world. You are training to develop this mindset.

Live for Heaven and Earth

If you pray for blessings centered on your own family, saying, “Bless my sons and daughters,” you will be punished. If you pray for blessings centered on your own family, will God bless that family? Blessings are not something you carry with you until you die. They are meant to be offered to the nation. Since you have dug into the soil of the nation and lived in the nation, you must leave it behind when you die. Only then does it become the nation’s blessing.

Therefore, you must pray for blessings for the nation more than for your own sons and daughters. You should pray, “Bless the young men in the nation, and if there are blessings left over, please give them to my son.” 

What if, when you pray, “Bless my sons and daughters,” God were to grant that blessing? Human greed knows no bounds. Then you would also pray for blessings for your cousins, and after praying for your cousins, you would pray for your eighth, tenth, or even hundredth cousins, or if you have the surname Moon, you would pray for everyone with that surname. You would be asking God to let the Moon family hold all the important positions in South Korea. However, God does not listen to such prayers.

Recently, the teacher has been teaching the Unification Church members something that has been bothering them, and that is the concept of blessing. After receiving blessings, one must go out centered on Heaven and Earth and the entire world’s nations. Yet, you all want to abandon Heaven and Earth, abandon Korea, and live only for yourselves. Such people will perish. That is why I say you must suffer. Those who refuse to suffer must perish. This is not my statement.

Now! Do you want to receive training or not? “I will.” Then if I say to come out in just your underwear in May, do you have the confidence to do that? There is no time to worry about appearances. God is in a terrible position; do you have the luxury to think about your own situation?

The teacher has walked this path from such a position. I have come out sacrificing my life. When the teacher was taken to the Seodaemun Prison wearing handcuffs, the entire nation criticized and mocked me, but I said, “Just wait. In ten years, a time of victory will come. Twenty years will be fine too. Although I may look like this now, your descendants will suffer thousands of times more than what I am enduring now.” And I entered boldly. The teacher is not a coward. I entered with the feeling of making a grand entrance. Would the Son of God not have such prestige and authority?

When the teacher entered the Pyongyang Prison, the family members were anxious, wondering when he would return, feeling more anxious than if their husband had died. However, the teacher said, “Rather than comforting you, I must meet the people I need to meet.” At that time, the teacher had received a promise that he would meet certain people there. He had received the promise that he would meet such and such people, so meeting them was his wish. Even though the path to meet those people was filled with trembling legs, sighs, and wailing, he walked that path.

That is the path to the heavenly kingdom he hopes for. When you go with such a joyful heart, even hell transforms into heaven. God must have that kind of heart too. Therefore, the teacher met all the people he was supposed to meet there. From there, he made a new resolution and began a second start.

At that time, because the teacher was hungry and wearing handcuffs, whenever he rides in a car or is served good food now, he remembers the benefactor who prepared food for him back then. At that time, he had to carry chopsticks in his pocket because they were essential.

The teacher had resolved that if he could not cross this ridge, he could not complete the first purpose.

These days, the teacher goes to the factory once a day, which takes about three hours. So, he bought a car. People may criticize him for buying a car, but if many foreigners come in the future, he must maintain his prestige. No one even scoffed at the idea of buying a car, no matter how much he said it. Those who have thoughts should learn the way of a filial son.

The Unimaginable Background Behind This

The car was ultimately bought with the teacher’s earnings. Having a car makes one thing convenient: he can take a nap in the car when he is tired on the way to the factory. That is something to be grateful for. He cannot take a nap at the factory. Can he comfortably sleep while the precious sons and daughters of others are working hard there? When he feels tired and his eyes are about to close, he must scold himself, “You, eyes, how many thousands of years will you live?” The teacher did that, so the Unification Church members do not think that the teacher is pursuing personal gain.

However, the people of the world, especially Koreans, think that the Unification Church's Teacher is behaving very grandly. When he says, “Hey!” they respond with “Yes,” thinking he is living a life of luxury. But that is something they say without knowing the truth.

Our Unification Church members do not say a word without the teacher. Every single one of them does not say a word. However, the teacher does not feel hurt by that. The Unification Church must be known by the 30 million people of the nation and by all humanity. On the day that happens, the teacher will make a new start through television. Then, problems will arise in the world.

So you must go out with confidence. You have good materials that can explode at any moment, so you must be confident.

The teacher can feed the people of South Korea. He can gather all the wealthy people of Asia to feed the people of South Korea. It may sound like a dream, but you will understand when the time comes. The teacher has entered the spiritual world and has driven out numerous evil spirits, taking the highest position. Therefore, he has created a base where he can live and dance and is doing this work. The teacher is not someone who follows behind others, hoping to pick up what they drop. That is why those who are spiritually in tune have become disciples of the Unification Church's Teacher. Ordinary people do not know this.

If there are those who have come to the Unification Church for the first time, they might think, “Ah! That person is the Unification Church's Teacher,” but the Teacher is not someone you can judge by your eyes. Behind the teacher lies content that you cannot imagine.

Therefore, you must believe in the teacher and go out with the purpose of becoming heirs of noble families, as mentioned earlier. Abraham must come to learn from the teacher. Moses must come to learn from the teacher, and Jesus must also come to learn from the teacher. Confucius and Buddha must all come to the teacher and sincerely receive his signature. The teacher has come out with such confidence.

Now, when the teacher tells you these facts, you believe them. However, about 20 years ago, if I shared such things with believers, they would have called it heresy and run away. But they will come back. The teacher is not doing this work because those people are not here. Such people will fall in one blow.

Do Anything According to the Will

One day, a noblewoman from a wealthy family came to ask the teacher how many years he had been practicing his faith. The teacher replied that it had been about 20 years. Then she said, “Then you must know a lot.” The teacher replied, “I do not know much, but I will not lose to anyone in our church.” After that, the teacher asked her, “How much do you believe in God’s command?” She replied that it was absolute. The teacher then asked, “Well, even though God would never command such a thing, if He were to tell you to abandon your husband and remarry, would you have the confidence to do that?” She had no answer.

I will ask you the same thing. If God were to say that if you remarry, the whole world would return to Him, would you remarry or not? Let me ask your grandmother. Anyone you ask this question to will not be able to answer. Look at the Bible. The Bible talks about sending people off in marriage and doing all sorts of things. What if He told you to catch your husband and offer a sacrifice? You might think, “God loves me, so He wouldn’t ask me to do that,” and feel relieved, but that is when you will be broken.

The teacher knows this, which is why he walks this path even if his parents are sacrificed. The teacher has undergone all such training. My mother truly loved me. When I was imprisoned, she held me, weeping and choking with grief. However, the teacher gave a command to that mother like a cold blade. He said he was not a foolish son like she thought. There are even more treacherous paths ahead that I must walk.

The teacher is someone who packed his bags and went to the North, leaving his wife and young children at home. What use is money to such a person? Is the teacher doing this work madly because he has no money now? When the teacher lived in the North, there were times when he had not a penny. If family discord arose because of money, then the teacher is a fake. Would someone who thinks and acts like this become a traitor to Heaven or a loyal subject? Even if you cannot be a loyal subject, you must at least mimic one. This is what the Unification Church desires. No matter how much the world makes noise, it does not matter. 

The teacher prayed in front of the White House when he went to America and also prayed before the Vatican. And in front of the Vatican...
Pope of Rome, you rascal, even though you are acting like a king now, I thought it would be good to meet and clash with you at some point. That said, the teacher is not someone who would sell out the Republic of Korea. The teacher studies the world to please God, not just to live well for himself.

Today, the teacher gathered all the factory workers' wives and asked, "Did you come here following your husbands or following your will?" They all answered that they came following their will. Then, whose will is that? If it is God's will, is God's will different from the teacher's will? If it is different, then it is bound to break apart and fail. The teacher's will is God's will. Therefore, you must listen to the teacher's words. This is why people automatically come to the teacher. To follow the will, they can even abandon their husbands; this is the path of the Unification Church. 

So, the teacher told those wives to forget all their relationships centered around themselves for 40 days. During that time, they were to enter the factory and be assigned to work in various places. Today, they were told to bring their belongings starting from lunchtime.

You must fulfill the responsibilities given to you. If you cannot complete your responsibilities, it is not the teacher who will give you a hard time; you must promise yourselves and give yourselves a hard time. Is there a place where you can sit comfortably and work? You must work with tears in your eyes, wearing your nails down and cracking your skin, as if you are going to die. Such hardships exist for everyone. If you want to do it comfortably, it is better not to do it.

Let’s become the heirs of the heavenly kingdom. 

It is not good for a group of people to sit around in nice clothes, eating good food, and dozing off. Such groups must fail. If they do not fail, I will make them fail.

What kind of training will you receive when you are trained? Seeing the news about the two spies infiltrating through the East Coast, the teacher thought that you need to be trained more rigorously. I am planning to establish a solid operational plan for training. It is impossible for South Korea and North Korea to unify through negotiations. There will be a choice between whether one side will be consumed or not through a confrontation of capabilities. If South Korea falters, there will be no Unification Church members left. This is why the teacher is traveling back and forth to America.

In Japan, our Principle Study Group is currently being counterattacked by the Japanese Communist Party. The Communists are doing everything they can to incite a conflict between the Principle Study Group and the government. The occurrence of such phenomena indicates that the value of our Unification Church has risen that much. I do not know what kind of person the teacher here is, but they cannot ignore us because we are a hindrance to them.

However, no one knows this fact. Not a single person in this nation or family knows. Not even the president of the association knows. They do not realize that if they make a mistake, they will leave a grievance for eternity in the Republic of Korea and the Asian world. They do not know that even with all their sincerity, they cannot reach heaven, and they are sleeping soundly, doing whatever they want.

In the future, China will inevitably join the UN General Assembly. Because the democratic world, led by the United States, does not realize this, they will try to make China join to awaken them. Thus, the United States will be in such dire straits that they will cry out to God, "Please save us." Until that time comes, our Unification Church must move forward vigorously.

You must change your way of thinking now. Great people should act according to their stature. The teacher is not doing this because he is inferior to you or because he wants to do things for no reason. Even as my body ages, I have been doing this work to align with God's providence from ten years ago until now. If you do not understand this, you must bow your heads and follow, even if you are deceived.

Today, did this pastor properly talk about the Principle of Restoration? If I were a bad person, would I have followed this path until today? The teacher has never thought about whether he is right or wrong in front of God. I have already set out on this path with the resolve to die. Since I have not died or collapsed, I believe that my path is still ahead and that there is a promised path I must go through. Thinking this way, I do not have the luxury to think about good or bad. If you are a member of the Unification Church, you must have such conviction. God is hoping for a tiger, but you are trying to be the most useless kitten among cats.

So, should you receive training or not? "We should." Then I will assign the work of men to women and the work of women to men. Will you still do it? "We will." We will turn everything upside down. Soon, we will start training from the high-ranking officials. And I will personally train the women under 45. So, you must prepare to receive training from now on.

When you look at the teacher from the side, he seems to have an exploratory temperament, but from the front, he does not appear that way. From the front, he seems to be someone with many circumstances no matter where he looks. The teacher is very impatient. If I say I will do something and someone in front of me is obstructing it, I will never just watch that person. That is why everything is done quickly. Therefore, you must be alert and follow. Even if it means staying up all night or not eating, you must finish what needs to be done. By doing so, either the obstacles will fall away, or when there is no possibility of following, you can stretch your legs and rest while working. You must approach everything with such a mindset.

The reason for enduring until now

The fact that the teacher has endured for 21 years until now is a miraculous thing. For the teacher's personality, it is a miracle that he has endured for 21 years, burying his nose in the ground and starving. The teacher knows this very well. If I were to make a mistake and cause harm to heaven, there would be no way to rectify it. However, if I keep my mouth shut and endure, and then inevitably make a mistake, at that time, God will rectify it. So, even in a position of injustice, if I endure, even if I am beaten, chased, or enter a place of ruin, I will not fail if I endure.

Now our church has much to do and much to prepare. Therefore, you must first become the heirs of God's household. But what are the younger people doing now? What kind of world is it now, and when will they achieve everything after seeing everything? 

Now, let’s go receive splendid training. The grandmothers have nothing to do. I hope those over 60 can live comfortably and well. Instead, please receive the charm of your grandchildren and pray a lot.

When you pray, you must first pray for this country and this nation, then for the Unification Church, and then for the descendants who will inherit the legacy. How much trouble will the descendants born from the bloodline cause before God? Just in my lifetime, the fact that they do not listen is astonishing, but how much trouble will the sons and daughters born from this bloodline cause? That is why you are asked to pray for the descendants. For the next generation, shed tears so that God can have conditions to sympathize with those descendants. Members of the Unification Church believe that they must kneel down and die when they die. Kneeling is understood as a duty to connect with the global mission as a member of the Unification Church.

Ladies! If the teacher needs to earn money, will you cooperate or not? "We will." You cannot cooperate while sitting comfortably in good clothes and eating good food. In summer, you must endure the heat, and in winter, you must endure the cold; you must do it in difficult circumstances.

According to the Principle of Restoration, you must rise through the opposite path. That is why you must suffer. However, even if you suffer, do not get tired and do not die. You must never die before the teacher dies.

Koreans must become the Heavenly People

The established church people have opposed our Unification Church a lot. If those people had not opposed our Unification Church, it would have developed considerably faster by now. If that had happened, the founder of the Unification Church would have achieved global success in his 30s. What would have happened by now? Would we be filled with hope, saying we must develop further, or would we be standing in a position of condemnation just like now?

The time is approaching when the teacher, who was filled with passion and hope in his 20s and 30s, is closer than ever to that time. Now the Unification Church must make a new resolution. That resolution is to become the heirs of God. The heirs are fundamentally different from collateral descendants. Therefore, the Unification Church must be different. To be different, we must go out differently. This means we must create a globalism centered around what has been explained so far.

That is why a Japanese member is a Japanese person, but within the Unification Church, they are not a Japanese person. Similarly, an American member is an American person, but to us, they are not an American person. Such a tremendous purpose has begun in Korea. It is through you in Korea that the Heavenly People will be produced to create a nation of ancestors for all nations. In other words, we aim to become a priestly nation. We want to create a priestly nation as described in the Bible. 

I do not know whether the teacher of the Unification Church can do such things, but just making such claims is commendable. But what if such things can be done? Can you sacrifice your son for the country? Can you sacrifice your own body? Where is your answer? Young people, think about it. Do you have the courage to throw your body into the Pacific Ocean to become shark food for the sake of the three thousand ri peninsula, the three thousand ri people, this pitiful nation, and this pitiful country? "I have the courage." Really? "Yes." Can you be explosively different from the secular world? "Yes." If that is the case, the teacher will not worry. If that is truly the case, then the teacher must have thought of himself as a great person, but he must realize he is a fool. There must be a man who can make the teacher feel that he is a fool. There are countless things that can astonish you if the teacher teaches you. 

Among you, there has not been a single person who wanted to act on their own. If such a person comes out, I would like to teach you anything. However, you are not even able to do what the teacher tells you properly and are just floundering. Even when the teacher says to go, it is impossible to know whether you are going or not; your bodies clearly come out, but you appear to be floundering.

Live simply

Among you, there may be new people who have just joined the Unification Church, and there may be people from various regions. Among you, there might be someone who says, "I have never seen a person who calls himself the teacher like Moon Sun-myung." Of course, you might have never seen it. However, that is because the public ideology is strong. It is not for my sake that I do this. Because I have taken responsibility for public issues, I must die publicly if I die.

Therefore, it is not disrespectful to attach the title of teacher. Is it a sin for the head of the household to say to his family, "My Lord says..."? You must be a master who can teach that our family law is like this and to follow that tradition. You must have that sense of authority. That is why I call myself Teacher Moon. It is not because my eyes look like octopus eyes.

Those who do not want to receive training should come back in about ten years because they will hinder the training. You will come eventually, so I am saying to come around that time. To receive training, you must simplify your life. The teacher is standing at this podium in a suit now, but in fact, I should be wearing a jacket. However, because people in society think that Teacher Moon only wears jackets, I wore a suit today. In fact, I preached in a jacket for three years from this podium. From that place, I have restored and risen to the stage where I now wear a suit. You must understand that.

At first, the teacher wore a dyed military uniform and wrinkled clothes to preach. From there, I restored and continued to rise, wearing jackets, and then I wore refined suits. Do you think it is good for the teacher to dress well or not? "It is good." It would be good for you to dress well too. If it is good for the teacher, it will also be good for you. However, if the teacher dresses well, he cannot tell you not to dress well.

That is why the teacher always goes to the factory wearing the same clothes he wears at home. Those close to him worry that he has a reputation and that the Unification Church has a signboard, so others will point fingers at him. The reason I bought a car was not because I was encouraged by the loyalty of our members, but because I felt bad after hearing rumors from outside, so I bought a car immediately.

Previously, I went to the American embassy to submit my passport. I parked the jeep in front of the embassy, and while waiting, they told me to move our jeep because the ambassador's car was coming, and we ended up arguing. Our driver is very principled in such situations. He does not yield when he is not in the wrong. As a result, a fight broke out, and many people passing by were watching. However, the teacher could not just join in the fight, so I had no choice but to blink my eyes and watch.

Feeling bad, the teacher thought about buying a car worth about 50 million won. Even if the tax is 100 times, I will buy it. So, I will drive such a car. Do you think it is good or bad to buy such a car? "It is good." When I buy that car, I will not owe anything to you. If the teacher earns money to buy a car, who can say anything? If that happens, I will buy a jeep or sedan for each of our blessed families. Pray for that to happen. The teacher wishes to become the richest person in the world. If the teacher lives until about 200 years old, it is certainly possible. The teacher is nearing 50 now, but if I am granted just one century from now, I will undoubtedly become the richest person in the world. Then, I will be able to feed and support the 30 million people of Korea. If I cannot do that while holding a sign saying I will unify the world in the spiritual world, it would be better to just give up.

However, the problem is that the world does not listen to the teacher's words. They do not want to believe the teacher's words.

Establish conditions to build reputation

When you are trained, if what the teacher does does not align with your common sense, you should think of the teacher as the wind. Think of it as a typhoon, not just any wind. When a typhoon blows, it does not blow aimlessly in all directions. It blows steadily toward a destination.
Yes. I have confidence that I can assist you, so follow me.  
Today, a family member came to training and made excuses saying, "The baby is sick... It hasn't been long since I gave birth..." How can the teacher know how many days it has been since the baby was born? But since they showed up, that person has already achieved their purpose by attending. So I sent them back immediately.  
So, when the teacher says to die, you should at least pretend to die, and when the teacher says to go crazy, you should at least pretend to go crazy. Also, when the teacher says you should speak well, you should at least pretend to speak well. And when incited, you should at least pretend to follow along. By doing this, our country will prosper, we will prosper, and the people of the world will be able to find their way to God centered around the Unification Church. What more could we wish for?  
Now we must prepare our ideological stance. This means we must become the family of God's lineage and descendants of that lineage. Therefore, Abraham must come to me and ask, angels must come to me and ask, and all ancestors must step forward and say they will follow me wherever I go. If the teacher does not have that heart, all Unification Church members will fall away. The light of our Unification Church will go out completely without the teacher. You all must know this fact.  
So, while you can still move before you get older, you must go around with a cane and convey the will to every neighborhood. Thus, when there is good news in the country, and even more so, when there is good news in the world, that good news will be the good news of our Unification family.  
Therefore, while you are alive, and while your tongue can speak, you must go out. When the teacher speaks in front, it is quite fast. It is faster than the sound of a motorcycle engine. Yet, when speaking in the spirit world, even if I say ten words to make one understood, it is still insufficient. Sometimes the tongue may split. Even if the teacher pays attention to everything, it is still not enough. Those who say they do not know the teacher doing such work are the worst of the worst.  
You must renew all your past actions. Moreover, those who have recently joined should not remain at a beginner's level of understanding. You must realize that there is a mission assigned to you to carry out explosive actions in the department you are responsible for, and you must stand in a position where you cannot sleep, eat, or live as you please. You must think about how to establish the authority and traditional stance that allows countless nations and peoples to regard our Korea as their homeland for the victory of this country tomorrow. For that, there is no time. You must save even a minute to establish conditions that elevate our dignity before humanity and, furthermore, before God. This is our mission. Will you still live comfortably like others? Such people are not Unification Church members.  
Let us bear solid fruit.  
In the past, the teacher would scold even the spirits. Those who were elders and pastors in their previous churches are not elders and pastors here. Do you know Elder Song? That elder got scolded by me. His personality is peculiar. So, I treated him harshly. I hit him hard, saying that this is how military training is, and eventually, he responded, "Yes, I understand," just like someone training in the army. Even if he got beaten, it was because he was wrong, so he had no words to say. That gentleman has passed away, but he died because he did not listen to me.  
You are the same. When the teacher speaks, you must believe it all. If you do not listen to the teacher, you will die and become nothing but fertilizer. If it is ammonia fertilizer that is coming out these days, it is good, but it will be worse than that. From now on, if anyone is a hindrance to the will, the teacher will pray, "God, take this person away."  
As this pastor mentioned earlier, tradition cannot be ignored. Some people think that the Unification Church leader will change someday. If that happens, they think they will become someone who has nowhere to go. Such people are weighing things in their hearts. Do not even think such frivolous thoughts.  
We must have seeds in our bellies. We must have bones. The teacher has endured like a bone worm until now. However, just as leaves fall deeper into autumn, but the fruit becomes solid, there may be some among you who are getting tired, but we must declare the will to the entire world and live freely and peacefully in that place. When I shout the songs I wanted to sing, and the stories I wanted to shout, all beings in existence will move and respond to my cries. We must prepare to meet that day. We must not forget this. There should be no room for fatigue.  
So, I hope you will follow the teacher with the determination to endure any training and with the pride of being a member of the Unification Church. Do you understand? "Yes." Moreover, those who become regional leaders must absolutely live such a life. They must be careful not to act in ways that deviate from the principles and standards instructed by the headquarters at any time. The person responsible must strive until a foundation is laid where they can completely rest, and those who follow them can voluntarily take a break. Otherwise, it will fail. So, we must develop beyond that.  
Do not become a person swept away by trends.  
With that understanding, everyone here, including those who are here for the first time today and those in various regions, must approach with such determination. Do you understand? "Yes." Let’s say it together. Let us become the descendants of the heavenly lineage! "Let us become the descendants of the heavenly lineage!" What kind of descendants should we become? We must become the descendants of the heavenly lineage. As descendants of the heavenly lineage, we must establish a standard of good and evil that allows us to criticize and judge any sage in history with confidence. Thus, we must be able to teach that certain standards should be upheld, but were not.  
Only then will God find the descendants and the fruits of that search be determined on earth. From there, a new start will unfold horizontally. Do you understand? "Yes."  
So, do not sleep comfortably. When the teacher was paving this path, everything was incomplete, so I could not sleep straight and had to sleep on my side. After I understood my father's will, I did not carelessly expose my body. However, these days, many young ladies are wearing short skirts called miniskirts, shaking their behinds as they walk. What will happen if they trip while doing that?  
Our Unification Church members must not do that. Unification Church ladies should not do that. Do not ever come into our Unification Church dressed like that. If there are such people, I hope they will disappear. If a woman comes here dressed like that, I will hit her. Let’s promise each other. If a woman who did not come today shows up dressed like that, it would be rude to hit her, so please announce it to the women who did not come today. Also, if you bring a friend and I have to hit her, it would be rude, so please inform your friends in advance.  
From now on, I am firmly stating this. If a woman comes wearing a miniskirt and when I ask her if she knows someone who came last week and she says yes, then I will hit you. Let’s make a promise. Do not take it negatively; let’s make a promise positively. Ladies here, will you promise? "Yes."  
Even when the teacher lived alone in the past, he did not stretch his legs out. How could he live comfortably when he had not yet cultivated the way and had not fulfilled his responsibilities? The teacher has come this far.  
In the future, I will record all the traditions the teacher has lived by in a book. It will be difficult if you do not do what I say now and try to do it later. Many people will fall away at that time, so the teacher is saying this to prevent that. Therefore, I hope you will go out with such determination from now on. Ladies here, do you understand? "Yes."  
And men, these days, there is a trend of wearing tight jeans. How is that fashionable? How uncomfortable is it to act and sit in those? It is just the leftover scraps that came to Korea after being used in America. When I traveled to America and England, I saw hippies wearing such jeans. Those people must all be eradicated. So, I am preparing to eradicate such things.  
Both body and mind must be strong together.  
In the future, young people must learn the way of righteousness. So, if there are those who act arrogantly thinking they are leaders, they must be brought under control. Anyone who comes with external strength must be repelled with external strength, and anyone who comes with internal strength must be repelled with internal strength. You must be equipped both inside and outside. Without that, you cannot achieve completion.  
The Unification Church is not a place where people gather to believe and go to heaven. It is about creating heaven and living here before going to the other world. Therefore, we must establish a solid conviction based on ideological grounds, and even if the winds blow and the world changes, we must engage in proactive activities without changing. If we are dragged around without standards and swept away by the winds, what will we accomplish? Do you think I will be swept away by the wind? And do you think I have not suffered?  
No matter how unfair or indignant I feel, the teacher can forget everything with just one blink. That is how I have cultivated the way. No matter how bad I feel at home, I never show my angry face to my children. Even if someone says something unpleasant, I always remain unchanged. I have trained myself that way. Is it an easy thing to do? You too must receive training in that regard and understand the will clearly, and there will be no problem. You must know that if you make one mistake, the world can come and go. Therefore, you must learn many things through training in the future.  
Hearing these words, if you feel any discomfort in the house or environment you belong to, you must understand that it is a condition of sin that will consume you. The arrows of Satan are coming to us. In that sense, I hope you firmly resolve not to become a dropout in our hopeful future that is coming. So, I ask you to become the prime disciples of our Unification Church.  
There are many things I wanted to say when I came here today that I could not finish, but time has passed, so I will stop here. Lastly, I have one request for you. In about 16 to 17 days, more than 50 Japanese members will come. When we visit a house, what do we see first? We first look at the lady of the house. We check if her nails are dirty or if her hair has dandruff. Then we look around the house to see if there is any dust. Just by looking at a few things in the house, we can understand a lot about it.  
So when those people come, after looking at the church's women, they will take a quick look around the church, check the bathroom, and glance around the room, and they will have a general idea about our church. Right? Ladies, do you acknowledge that? "Yes."  
However, when only women come from Japan, they might overlook that, but it is not women who are coming; it is men. So please prepare well.  
*  
Regarding the 7-Year Course  
<Summary of the Words> The slogan for 1960 was to make it a year that leaves the greatest achievements in life.  
1960 was a year to indemnify and restore the vertical history horizontally. Therefore, it was a year to leave the greatest achievements before God. To leave the greatest achievements, we must start by absorbing the environment.  
Externally, 1960 was the year to remove the conditions for Satan's accusations. Therefore, during this period, we had to establish the standard of the national messiah. At that time, we were under persecution from the social environment, and we were anxious about when we would be able to freely convey the words.  
The act of fighting itself is not indemnification. Now is the time to establish what belongs to heaven. To say that we want to leave the greatest achievements means that we must establish achievements to escape the conditions for Satan's accusations.  
With the end of the first 7-Year Course, it became a position where the Israelite people could be established before God, and the will of Jesus, who wanted to establish a family, was fulfilled.  
The man of the blessed family is in the position of the embodiment of Jesus, and the woman is in the position of the embodiment of the Holy Spirit. In other words, just as Jesus and the Holy Spirit stepped forward to save the Israelite people, the position of the blessed family is one that steps forward without hesitation to save this nation.  
December 1, 1968, at the former headquarters church.  
* This message has been organized from notes taken by former President Yoo Woo-yeon.  
Therefore, the blessed family can start as a tribal messiah.  
Just as God led the Israelite people out of Egypt by striking Egypt, the second 7-Year Course is a time when we must step forward even if it means striking our own family. Just as Jesus and the Holy Spirit cannot be separated, the family and the blessed family cannot be separated either.  
Husbands and wives must have a unified form in every aspect. The center must be based on the heart of True Parents and God.  
Just as Jacob's 21 years of suffering bore fruit and he could receive blessings from the angel, the family must become one that cannot be denied by God. The blessed family is in a position that has indemnified and restored the vertical history of 6,000 years horizontally.  
This year is like the time when Jacob's family left Haran and when the Israelite people left Egypt. Therefore, we have put forth the slogan of making a full-scale advance and bringing everything along.  
All spiritual groups exist to cooperate with this 7-Year Course. Therefore, if we cannot bear witness for seven years, we will fail.  
During the first 7-Year Course, we had to establish 120 holy sites in 40 countries using the soil and stones of Korea. So, even when I slept, I slept with this soil and stones. If I lose these, it will extend to three stages. We must stand in a position that loves that nation more than this people. The more we stumble in Korea, the more Korea will be revealed to the world.  
When I returned after completing the world tour this time, I was grateful to have returned safely. However, the members who should have come to greet me were nowhere to be seen. The feelings at that time are something no one but the teacher can understand.  
In the future, a global genius will emerge from Korea, especially from the Unification Church.  
Since the teacher had a personal 7-Year Course, when members receive blessings, they must inevitably go through the 7-Year Course. Recognizing this importance, we must indemnify and restore the things we could not accomplish in the past 11 months during the remaining month of this year.  
*  
New Awareness  
<Prayer> Father, this morning is the Sabbath. Please allow us to encounter your glory with our children, to encounter your high and precious personality, and to make this morning a time when we can experience the victorious will of your desire.  
Father, when we think about the fact that your creation of the entire universe has been so violated by the ancestors of humanity, the more sad things pile up, the more we must feel that we are unworthy before you.
must be established on the foundation of a new ideology for a tribe to form. Therefore, before we can envision a nation, we must first build a new family. 

In our pursuit of a new nation and a new world, we must recognize that the foundation lies in the establishment of new families. Each family must embody the principles of the new ideology, which will then give rise to tribes, leading to the formation of a nation. 

As we reflect on our responsibilities, we must understand that our actions today will shape the future for generations to come. The legacy we leave behind will be determined by our commitment to embodying the values of the new ideology in our families, tribes, and ultimately, our nation. 

We must strive to create a society that reflects these ideals, where love, unity, and cooperation are paramount. Only then can we hope to build a new world that aligns with the vision we hold dear. 

In conclusion, let us commit ourselves to this noble cause, working tirelessly to establish new families, tribes, and nations that embody the principles of the new ideology. Together, we can create a brighter future for all.
In order for this to be born, there must also be an individual who has a new awareness. Without personal awareness, one cannot become a new individual, nor can a new family be formed. 

From this perspective, when we look at our Unification Church today, there must be individuals who have the new awareness that God desires, and through those individuals, a family must be formed. Furthermore, through that family, tribes must be formed, through those tribes, nations, and through those nations, a state and a world must be formed. We must newly realize that such a higher system is connected to our individual selves. 

The Work of the Aware
When comparing with some historical saints or when we encounter them, we cannot establish a new history unless we become a reality that can decisively determine the awareness and resolution we have. 

From this perspective, when we compare the position of our Unification Church today with the positions of past patriotic figures who, centered on their thoughts, ideologies, and lifestyles, resolved to love all people of the nation and the world, we cannot overcome historical figures of such stature, nor can we establish the era or create a new future. It goes without saying that if this happens, we will not be able to see the start of a newly aware world. Therefore, we must stand in a position beyond that. 

Many revered saints have come and gone throughout history. Figures like Jesus, Confucius, and Buddha have come and gone. They looked at the corruption of the times and the social environment and sought to push that society away and to clear it out from the opposing position. They sought to establish a new realm centered on their social views, national views, family views, and views of character. We must recognize that there was adventure involved in that. 

The more difficult the environment, the more the saints who appeared with a new awareness had to face adventure. Furthermore, there was the adventure of the nation, the adventure of the ethnic group, and the personal adventure that collided with them. Therefore, we must not be in a lonely position, dominated by the incoming environment, but must have a character centered on an aware heart that can overcome that incoming environment. No matter how terrible the environment may be, if that character does not change, one can remain an aware being capable of resolving that environment. 

We know that countless saints have fought against the environment with their lives. If Jesus walked that path from an aware position, did Jesus himself have the family, tribe, nation, and world of that aware position? He did not. While Jesus had an inner desire for a nation and world, he did not possess a substantial, realistic nation or world and died on the cross. Therefore, Jesus must return and establish the desired nation and world he envisioned in reality. In other words, Jesus has a mission to create a new world on this earth that can be boasted of within his realm of life, and he must return to fulfill that mission. 

So, what position do we, who are aware today, hold? We must inherit the world of hope that Jesus desired and take responsibility to realize it within our realm of life under realistic social foundations, facing that world, nation, ethnicity, family, and individuals with a belief more aware than Jesus. Without standing in such a position, it is a given that we cannot establish the desired kingdom of heaven on this earth. 

Therefore, when we say that our Unification Church has an ideology that can unify the entire universe or world, those who are aware within that ideology will have the authority to connect numerous saints and sages in a dignified position, as mentioned above. 

The Value of the Aware Reality
When comparing the past and the present, we must understand what the center of that comparison is: it is not the historical figures of the past, but the pitiful individuals fighting in today’s realistic environment. However, what position do the members of our Unification Church hold today? They are in a position of having lost their current standing. They forget how great and historically valuable their current position, which they must be aware of, is. 

What have countless prophets and sages discovered through the historical process until now? It is the group of the Unification Church standing at today’s present point. In other words, they have found their aware form. Therefore, while we must maintain our position of being aware, we often feel that our Unification Church members are in a position contrary to historical desires. 

When we look at the era in which historical figures lived, there was a historical age behind them, a realistic era in which they lived, and a future era they hoped for. The fruit of that is the aware forms of our Unification Church in this era today. What they hoped for in the past and present was the aware world of the future. 

Even if we combine the overall value of their aware value and the value of the overall hope that history hoped for, it cannot be compared to our actual value today. Even if we add the historical overall value and the overall value of the era to the subject position they stood in, we must bow our heads before the aware forms of the Unification Church that should appear as the fruit of hope today. 

In such a position, when we call forth historical figures, they can resurrect, and when their wishes are fulfilled, they can bear fruit together with us on this earth, which has tremendous social value. Yet, many forget this. 

Let’s say there is a wonderful family in society. If the descendants of that family have heirlooms inherited from their ancestors, their attitude should be to honor the value of their historical ancestors every time they encounter those heirlooms. However, the ancestors in the spirit world look at their descendants who honor and remember them and say, “Oh! You are my beloved descendant, and you have fulfilled your responsibilities. You are my dutiful child and certainly my descendant.” But we have not stood in a position where we can receive such praise. 

Called Before the Historical Era
Here, we must understand one thing: while you honor your ancestors, you must also become greater than them. You must have the resolve to create a greater impact on the world than your ancestors did on the nation. Only then can that become a condition for awareness at the end. Moreover, only then can what you honor be connected to the value of the hope you desire. However, if you prioritize honoring your ancestors without being in such a position, it results in blocking the path your ancestors should take. 

Therefore, when we honor Jesus today, we must not stand merely in the position of honoring Jesus, but we must approach him with the attitude of admiring the value that can connect with the historical hope he desired. Only then will it become a foundation where Jesus can rejoice. Jesus will be able to stand in a position where he can rejoice because of that. Otherwise, we will leave only conditions of resentment before Jesus. It cannot end with merely honoring Jesus; rather, doesn’t Jesus long for us to know his heart and circumstances and to take that as an example to newly awaken? 

Thus, not only with Jesus, but also when we look at any historical leader, they do not wish for their descendants to determine only personal values centered around themselves. When their thoughts or ideologies are used as materials to seek higher and more precious values, and when connections arise through the reflections of Jesus or leaders, they can inherit the facts that they bore fruit in the historical process. In this way, they are not only tied to the fruits of history and the era, but the very essence that bore fruit will also bear fruit in reality. Therefore, without standing in such a position, the ancestors in the spirit world, namely the saints and sages or leaders, cannot pass through the resurrection process on this earth. This is the content introduced in the doctrine of resurrection taught in the Unification Church. 

From this perspective, you must realize how precious our currently aware position is. 

Therefore, we must not be swept away by the long-standing standards of history and the era. 

Having been called before today’s era, I can confidently say that my own being can possess historical and era-specific values and can have subjectivity. Only then can a counterpart who can believe in me emerge as a legitimate motive. 

We must stand in an aware position. 

Then what position does God hold? God stands in a historical position, an era-specific position, and a future position, but he is in a position where he cannot possess subjectivity. In other words, he is in a position where he cannot possess the subjectivity of a historical father. Thus, he has walked the path of restoration filled with sorrow until now. Because of the fall, we became the children of the enemy, and there remains a process to save us and create God’s sons and daughters again, so he cannot stand in a subjective position where he has established sons and daughters with the authority of historical victory. Historically, and in the era, he has not been able to decide on the center from which he can escape in the future. Since it is due to humanity, it is only natural that God cannot stand in a position to make humanity aware of this. We must recognize that we are individuals in such a position today. 

In this way, the Unification Church has emerged with a new awareness that cannot be changed by combining all historical values and cannot be changed when compared to the era. However, when looking at you within the Unification Church, there is a significant lack. We cannot find those who stand in such an aware position. There are many who can assimilate into society. There are also many who can assimilate into the era and environment. 

How Can We Have God with Us?
There are many who dissolve into the evil leaven of this world, which has become like leaven. This must not be the case. No matter how much evil leaven exists, we must become an aware being that can harmonize it into something new from a new perspective. If you stand in a thoroughly aware position, wherever you go, if you center yourself, a subjectivity that cannot be occupied by anyone will be established. 

Regardless of the field you are involved in, if you act from that position, a subjective foundation where God can accompany you will automatically emerge. Isn’t it God’s will to connect this on an individual level, family level, ethnic level, national level, and globally to restore a flat world? 

From that perspective, equipped with the true sons and daughters who can represent the past, present, and future, how many aware beings are there in this universe who can have God come and establish a decisive position? Until now, there has been no one. Therefore, it is the duty of the members of the Unification Church to generate these aware individuals and to establish their positions. However, the question is how many people can take that position. 

That is why we need a new awareness. We must demand this when we eat, and we must think about it when we act. We must move and exist for this in all our actions, words, and thoughts in life. 

Even if you feel resentment and unfairness in life, you must focus on this, and if it becomes a minus (-), you should be sad, and if it becomes a plus (+), you should be happy. You must become individuals who can live with such a heart. That position is truly unchanging for eternity. 

In such a position, the heavenly fortune is revolving behind our human affairs. If there is someone with such a heart and such a belief among humanity, the heavenly law can only manifest when the heavenly law meets human affairs. 

That is why there must be harmony between God, who seeks to find people, and people who seek to find God. Only then can a new relationship be born from which the entire world can make a new start. Therefore, you must understand that heaven and earth have been striving infinitely to connect. Thus, we must embrace such newly aware individuals. Additionally, from that perspective, we must reevaluate ourselves. 

God Has Longed for the Completion of Individual Restoration
No matter how small the field one is in on the stage of realistic life, even if one lives in a cave, if that person is aware, that cave is not just a cave. It is a place of planning to form the world into one. It is a place of planning to create a new world. The stage on which they act is not a place of solitary activity, nor is he a solitary person. 

He is someone who connects with all historically ideal individuals and with all future ideal individuals who will come, and he is a person whom God can recognize as he comes with ideals. If he becomes someone who can feel the inner foundation and inner value that no one else possesses, that person will not perish. No matter who strikes him, there will be a reaction. 

Any strong wind that meets a mountain will retreat. We aim to create a new harmony there and to overcome that realm. As you walk the path of the Unification Church, even if you walk alone in the dark world of ignorance, you must feel that the dark world is being pushed back because of you. 

You must feel with a sensitivity that no one in the past had. In today’s realistic social life, you must feel what no one in the past has felt. You must walk with a fervent hope for the future and feel joy in the resolve to advance into the world of fervent hope. 

Otherwise, you cannot be completed as newly aware individuals. If this individual is not completed, a newly aware family cannot be formed, and without a new family, a new nation and a new state cannot emerge. 

That is why our Unification Church resolves to complete the individual. You must understand that God has longed for the completion of individual restoration. For a male, it has taken 6,000 years of history to complete just one man. 

Until now, God has transcended the overall purpose of the restoration providence.
The completion of one man has been established as a standard. Thus, centered around that perfected man, a woman was established to create a model for the completion of one family, and that is the thought of the Messiah. It is essential to understand that God intends to establish the bride and groom based on this Messiah thought, thereby creating the conclusion of the restoration providence. In doing so, the foundation of the entire life is established. Therefore, the lifestyle and ideals that He has established should be recognized as a model for all future generations to follow.

People may appear different on the outside, but if we look into their hearts, they should be the same. They should align with the lifestyle and worldview of Jesus. There should be no difference there. Just as our faces are all different but our blood is the same, our forms and all ways of life and historical cultural backgrounds may differ, yet the thought that flows from the source of life among them must be in harmony with Jesus and the Lord who is to come. Without this harmony, there can be no unity in life, and nations and the world cannot achieve unity either.

You must newly realize that God can recognize you as yourselves, and you must determine your position to be able to recognize yourselves in a new meaning in relation to the past, present, and future. You must clearly understand your own value.

In light of this, the position of our Unification Church is immense. It is the crossroads of the past, the crossroads of the present, and the crossroads of the future. The hope for completion in the past must intersect. At some point in the present, there must be an intersection. In the future, this intersection must also be passed through. Because of the fall, there must be a change.

Everything from the past to the present must be penetrated through new realization. The present must also be penetrated through new realization. The future must also be penetrated. This is why it has taken 6,000 years.

Then how should this be in the future? The standards of the past, the standards of the present, and the standards of the future must all be combined to create a total settlement. All the efforts made in the past must be harvested in the present. All the efforts made in the present must be harvested in the future. Furthermore, everything desired in the future must be harvested there.

Therefore, as the fruit of the three stages, it can be said that the realized self has been established centered on this substantial world, and it can be said that such content has been determined before the universe, without which one cannot stand in the past, present, and future.

To pass through the cosmic crossroads, what has been hoped for must be determined in reality. The past bears fruit in reality, and the future must also see the starting point in reality. Moreover, the present must start from here. At some point in the flowing historical era, these three points of the historical process must intersect around our personality. If you do not have such decisive authority, you cannot enter heaven.

So what should be done? The way of life must fundamentally change. Therefore, there will inevitably be conflicts. Wherever the Unification Church goes, there will inevitably be conflicts. However, one must not retreat from the environment of conflict. One must break through.

As a newly realized self, you must innovate society with conviction and establish a standard of transition into new fields while binding the world of evil. In some sense, by determining that newly realized position, new selves, new families, new tribes, new nations, and a new world can be realized, leading to a new history.

From this perspective, the history that the Unification Church has walked until now cannot be compared to the history that has walked for thousands of years without knowing the will. Although the history of the Unification Church is short, it must have the realization that it cannot be judged by any historical figure or the history of thousands of years. In this sense, you should not forget the value of history that the Unification Church holds and should not take a position that emphasizes the contents of the past history of Israel like those who only believe in Jesus.

People often forget their own value and have a desire to supplement their value from others. While it is inevitable to have an inner desire for global development, that is not the essence. One must clearly recognize their own value and add to it. Without this understanding, one cannot add to it and cannot become the master of history. If a person is drawn out by history and the environment but has the intellect to digest and correspond to it, that may be different...

Today, when viewed in light of the history of our Unification Church, that history, though short, possesses a value that has not existed in any historical process. We must think that we are historical descendants who can praise the value of the new historical era.

In South Korea, one should praise national treasures or anything that can serve as the cultural background of the nation, but more than that, one must praise the substance that can remain in the new historical process. When we look at the history of the past 100 years that we have walked, we must value what has been left behind from the past to the present more than anything else. One must become a person who can appreciate that. Those who forget and lose it are selling their currently realized selves.

Recently, it was reported in the news that hundreds of precious paintings from Korea were sold to a foreign land by a Japanese sect. Consider that the paintings are in a foreign land that is not their homeland. That is a loss for the nation.

The value of the Unification Church
In light of this, the historical value that the Unification Church has walked until now, bearing the mission of restoration and completing the internal mission of 6,000 years of history, corresponds to infinite value. Yet, many people forget this.

Today, within this country, there are national treasures or precious national treasures that can be recognized as such in any country in the world, but among the short history of the Unification Church, there are national treasure-level events that can be accepted by all people for thousands of years. However, many people forget that value. Such people cannot be seen as those who can establish a new historical era. Therefore, we must realize that the history of the Unification Church has a value that can shine brighter than past history, and we must recognize that our current position holds infinite value compared to any social or living sphere of this era.

Then, when comparing that realized position with current standards, is the realized position better in every aspect? It is not. Externally, it may be worse than the present. However, when viewed as a whole, which is more valuable? Externally, one cannot see that value. It may appear miserable, unfortunate, and pitiful, but one must realize that it holds more value than anything in the current world. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Even if you wander in the streets, or live in difficult circumstances worse than anyone else, the realized value you possess at present can shine for thousands of generations better than the value held by any person in the historical era. Therefore, if you do not stand in a position that God can recognize, you will become someone who sells the current value. Not knowing the value of one's national treasure and selling it, whether it be South Korea or Japan, is akin to selling off one's country's precious items. They will face historical condemnation in the future.

At this point, we must hold the value we possess as infinite and shine that value for thousands of generations before the universe. And we must go out with the confidence that we will adapt to any historical value better than any other. No matter how unattractive or miserable that position may be, its value is cosmic. Even if one dies in a foreign land, that body is not just a body that died as an individual. It is a body that has died in a position that can leave a historical value for the new era, and you must clearly understand that.

Therefore, all the facts solidified within our living sphere must be recognized as a realized environment that cannot be exchanged for anything that could bring luxurious happiness to this world. This is why tears flow here and why difficulties intersect here. Those difficulties and tears become an internal experience that is more than sufficient to conquer the era. Without that, a new world cannot be achieved. In other words, without that, this world cannot be transformed into a new world.

You must feel the current value
From that perspective, one must not despair just because external standards are disconnected. One must also not stand in a backward position. You must understand that you cannot skip that stage. You must become those who know that the realized value of the present is more precious than any realistic value in the world.

Even the back yard of our Unification Church is more precious than the luxurious places of any high-rise building, places that everyone can see as sacred. Therefore, you must feel that even a speck of dust or a breath of air here holds infinite value compared to anything in the world.

So, do you agree? Those who enter the headquarters church often say, "Oh, it's frustrating. Oh, it's frustrating." Some people come here and find all the good rooms uncomfortable and just go out to sleep. However, once you truly understand that value, even if you are told to go out and sleep, you will not go. What is gathered here is not everything. Those who cannot feel the sensation within this living sphere will be left behind.

Those who can infinitely feel the current value can create the world of the future and leave the authority of the future. However, those who do not know the current value cannot relate to the value of the future world, no matter how great it may be. You must clearly understand that fact. The future cannot exist without passing through the present, so those who cannot infinitely feel the value of the present cannot inherit the infinite value of the future.

You must understand that the current value of our Unification Church is based on the position centered on the will. You must start from that position toward the future from this moment onward. When the teacher's words end, those words already enter into the future.

Everything until now is being settled by the future history. In other words, it is not the present that settles the present, but the future history that settles it. Everything that has been in the past and present is settled by the future history. The future speaks of what is to be done from now on. When two people speak, that already establishes a relationship of give and take, creating the future.

Where does good and evil arise, and where are good and evil determined? They are determined in the processes of the present and the future. They are not determined in the processes of the past and the present, but in the processes of the present and the future.

Those who are pushed out in the present cannot be settled in the future
Here, one must discover that the quantity of good in the present and future is greater than the quantity of good in the past and present; otherwise, one cannot remain as a being of the realized world. Therefore, one must recognize that what separates the present and the future is our current self.

We must seek a greater future world, so if we do not plant the greater future value in the reality process even in the environment that is behind us today, we cannot become the masters of the future world. If we continue to think, "That's enough for today, that's enough for tomorrow," and focus more on tomorrow's value than on the value of reality, we will fail.

Therefore, we must realize the connection between the past and present centered on the present and possess an explosive driving force that can start with a stronger, more hopeful, and more thorough determination than the present. Only then will the world of the future come before us. However, those who are despondent about the present will not be welcomed by the future. Those who are pushed out in the present must be settled now; they cannot be the standard for starting in the future. Only by pushing away the difficulties of the present and enduring the labor can the standard for the future be established. Thus, one must understand how important reality is.

When you wake up and open your eyes, they say today comes. The coming of today is different from the past's authority connected to yesterday and now. Because today comes, tomorrow immediately approaches us.

Today, my personal position seeks the position of tomorrow's family, and today's family position seeks the position of tomorrow's tribe. Likewise, today's tribal position seeks the position of tomorrow's nation, today's national position seeks the position of tomorrow's world. To pursue a greater field and to embrace and support it, there must be a more robust and powerful stimulating foundation. And there must be a united heart in pursuing that.

However, for one year, two years, or perhaps the first three years, one may take root and work hard but then stop. That is similar to dogs or pigs. When spring comes, dogs or pigs jump around happily. But then, when summer passes and winter comes, they say, "Oh no!"

We must rest, but we must not rest without timing. We must sleep, but we must not sleep without timing. We must rest and sleep to grow bigger and stronger. Then, even if the world that will judge you tries to take your past that started from the Unification Church, it cannot take it away.

The current position of the Unification Church cannot be drawn into any reality. No one can swallow the Unification Church. No one can conquer the members of the Unification Church. Furthermore, the path of hope that the world has longed for cannot be without the Unification Church. There can be no other way.

The history of the past was more brilliant than our current history. Therefore, we are educating in this way. When viewed from the perspective of national history, we can establish standards for teaching history, such as "This is why the history of South Korea failed," or "This is why the ancestors of America prospered." We can establish these as standards that can settle the era. You must stand in a position where you can do that.

Become the main actors of the restoration history
Until now, you have come into the Unification Church and lived with devotion for God. There were times when you struggled to fulfill the will, and there were moments when you thought, "Why do I have to do this alone when no one else does? I'll just follow along." This is akin to selling off the foundation you have built until now. It is the same as an individual selling off everything that could become a national treasure. The movements of your past do not remain with just one individual. They belong to the nation and the world, shining brightly in the history of the Unification Church. Yet, there are many individuals who selfishly sell them off. Do you know of such people? They are selling off treasures that can be boasted of to the nation and the world.

From the spiritual world, the teacher is speaking important words. In fact, this...
The same words should be delivered as a sermon, but I am speaking about it now. You all go out and come back, just nodding and dozing off, but the content of the words should never be something to doze off about. Dozing off is like selling the words in the spiritual realm, so if you feel sleepy in any organization, you should quickly leave. Why does that organization become a minus (-) for you? It would be better not to go at all. 

There are people who doze off thoughtlessly. They should not rot the speaker's insides. You may be tired, but the teacher is also tired. The teacher woke up at two in the morning. So, it's the same level of tiredness. 

Everyone, how precious is this time today? When you get exhausted, you are selling your own treasure. Yet, you might say that you have been starving for a purpose for several years. How many of you have experienced hunger? Raise your hands. There are many. Anyway, raise your hands. This is our situation today. The teacher has also eaten a lot of rice. We must have the same heart as the leading actors on stage. When tears flow in a scene, it means becoming a member of that family. When witnessing that, your heart should ache and you should weep. Those who feel moved are like the leading actors. 

Imagine that you have become the leading actor in the restoration history. How wonderful is it to receive food just by asking for it? Wow, a new righteous person has appeared at this historical moment. When you have that value, even the ladies will treat you well. However, food! To receive food? Oh, how embarrassing. As a man, to be receiving food, my grandfather said that no matter how poor one is, one should not become someone who receives food, and my father said the same. Yet here I am, going around receiving food in the Unification Church! People who are staring blankly at distant mountains will fail. 

Such people will not last long. They won't last three years, or even seven. They say they will go, but they are packing their bags behind the scenes. Of course, there is much hardship. But how wonderful is that hardship? How wonderful it is! God comes to those who are suffering. 

That is why the history of the Unification Church is more precious than the history of the world. You must understand that. 

Suffering for a purpose is a treasure. How many people are there who, in the process of founding the history of the Unification Church, have inherited all the time that has moved until now, cherishing it as their treasure and striving to leave it as the treasure of their family? 

I have worn work shoes or sneakers until the tops were intact but the soles were gone. I had no choice. I was in a position to go around receiving food, so could I buy new shoes? My toes were filled with dirt, but I wore them. Yet, how good that taste is! 

When will you ever do that for the purpose? The shoes I wore while walking are materials that can eloquently speak for a thousand years. If there is no present time to settle that moment, our ideology cannot resonate in front of the existence of this world. For the fragrance to resonate, the wind must blow. In a spring garden where warm winds do not blow, the fragrance cannot resonate. The spring breeze must scatter in all directions for the fragrance to resonate. Our ideology is the same. The teacher speaks because he knows that. 

When the teacher was in prison in Hungnam for about three years, he wore clothes from the ammonia fertilizer factory, which became unwearable, and took all the undergarments to make a bundle of rags to cover himself and sleep. Then people would gather around. If the world had seen it, they would have thought, "That guy will end up selling rags!" So, he kept all the clothes he wore for three years intact. And he came out with that bundle of rags. If that remains in the Unification Church today, it would be a global treasure. It may seem worthless, but if it exists, it will continue to speak silently for eternity. Do you understand what I mean? 

How precious is the reality that can unearth such treasures? When I become aware of the value of my historical mission, the path I walk will remain as a standard for future generations to follow in history. In a garden full of twists and turns and many stories, the tangled area of those stories will broadcast to the world forever. How precious is that moment that can leave behind a shining value? You must understand how precious it is to struggle in a place where you are trying to save heaven and earth at the crossroads of a wretched death. 

The suffering that can plant infinite value. You will also become ancestors in the future. Therefore, you must leave behind treasures that your descendants can proudly uphold for eternity, even in the current difficult living conditions. You must understand that this is your current position. 

The more comfortable the external environment is, the greater that value becomes. If the external environment must be lonely, sad, and filled with grievances and frustrations, and if the hardships you endure in that place become global hardships, then that one incident can completely conquer the world. In such a position, the motivation and the wealth and treasures that can completely subjugate the world are unearthed. Thinking that I am going through such a moment, even if a whip comes behind me or a spear tip comes to my chest, I could not lament. 

The current suffering becomes infinite value. Even if the teacher tries to betray and despair, the historical mountains of the past need me, so I cannot do that. The tangled relationships of the present are so immense that I cannot help but carry them all. As time approaches, thinking that the world flows in connection with me, I cannot afford to think differently to set history in the right direction, nor can I afford to get tired. 

My current mission and position cannot be exchanged for money or anything in the world. The fact that I can plant and leave behind infinite value that is the only one in the world here is tremendous and precious. You must understand that you cannot come into the Unification Church and just nod off without knowing this. 

People generally seek the values that appear in reality. The source of life is not in what appears. 

Everyone, what do you think the source of life is? Does it appear? Do you know where your source of life is? Is it in the heart? It is not the heart. The source of life is not well understood. The value related to treasure is not in the crowd gathering and saying, "Wow!" It is all hidden in the unknown. 

Greatness is not created when everyone comes and says, "Wow!" When people say "Wow!", it is already just a shell. That greatness begins from decades ago, when the time cannot be known. 

When looking at a tree, where is the value of the tree? One might say that it has value in being cut down for use or for building a house, or that even the dead tree itself has value for human use, but that is a misconception. The life value of the tree itself is in the roots that do not appear. No matter how lush and abundant the leaves are, they will all fall off. No matter how good the branches are, they will be cut off. However, the roots cannot be cut off. Right? You must understand that. 

Today, the Unification Church must have a new awareness in front of the path it must take. If you do not know how infinite the value of what has been started until now is, you will inevitably sell all your treasures and say, "Oh, that was a treasure that is unmatched in the world." That day will surely come. You may not know your own value, but you must live to recognize that value and to reclaim it as your own. When countless people are willing to pay an infinite price to acquire it, if you do not know that value, you could easily become someone who sells it for a penny. 

Are you in such a position, or are you not? Which side are you on? From what I see, most of you are likely to be in such a position. 

Even when the teacher says to do public work today, some say, "Oh, is there anything to gain from doing public work? My children are starving, and no matter how hard I work, there is not even a drop left." Some people say, "Hey, I will give you 10,000 won. Tell the teacher that I have something to do today." And they rush over there. There are many such slackers here. They are insubordinate, traitors who sell history and sell the nation. If the Unification Church teacher had done that, what would have happened? 

Thinking that the past, present, and future of the Unification Church can sprout with infinite value, I must plant the tree I have sown and say, "May it grow well for thousands of years!" I must plant the purest things. I must select and select to plant the true ones. I must plant true seeds that cannot fail to sprout in sacred places. I must plant them with blood, sweat, and all my sincerity. 

Let’s awaken anew. 

If we put our sincerity into it, it is certain that God will come to this place. And when we can offer all the ultimate historical values and what I have laid down in that path to God, we can become eternal sons and daughters of God. In that sense, you must be those who can recognize. Do you understand what I mean? 

The historical past has passed, and the current era is flowing without leaving anything behind. Many present moments have flowed into the past. In God's ideal world of creation, there are no museums. The enemy's group must be completely burned away. 

However, in the future, the Unification Church can remain centered on the connections of history. In the garden that God hopes for, in the center of the nation that God hopes for, precious treasures that can enter the museum are beginning to emerge in the current environment of our Unification Church today. 

Therefore, we must have a new awareness in reality. Our past has infinite value greater than any historical era's past, our present has infinite value greater than any era's present, and our future has infinite value greater than any person's future. That is why it is an infinite personality, an infinite family, an infinite tribe, and an infinite ideology. Thus, feeling fulfilled here, living here, fighting here, and shedding tears here becomes an infinite worldview, and the hardships endured here remain as the contributions of the infinite world. When I think of this, where could there be anything more fulfilling? Since I know my value, it is only natural to seek that value, regardless of what the world may say or how it may criticize. 

Let’s say there is a diamond mine here. If there is a place that only you know about, what would you do? Would you apply for permission without others knowing? You might even have to sell your family for that. If you sell your wealth to save many families, that is not a sin. If you sell your child to save many sons and daughters of the country, that is also not a sin. However, you must not sell for your own greed. Therefore, if that mine is the way to save this country and this nation, and the way for people all over the world to live, then it is not a historical sin to have sold your wife and children to obtain permission. It may seem that selling your wife or children to save the nation or the world is wrong, but rather, there can be the source of treasures that the world can praise. 

Everyone, let’s think. What kind of path are we on right now? It has been said to be the final path. Therefore, we must be able to feel that fulfillment infinitely. We must once again have a new awareness. You have been doing things every day that will be judged from a historical perspective until now. 

In that sense, you must understand that a new awareness is needed. Do you understand? "Yes." 

<Prayer> Father, even if we hold our hands empty, we know that we possess infinitely. 

Father, we thank you first for the hard path you walked until the Unification Church was born in this world. The Unification Church did not come this far by gathering wealth. We have walked this path leaving behind our bare bodies, traces of tears, and marks of terrible wounds. However, knowing how much you have labored to leave this gathering and this organization, I cannot help but thank you once again. 

Father, we started with empty hands, but now we stand in a position where we envy nothing. We do not need money, we do not need power, and we do not need any culture of the world. More than that, what we crave while starving is God's love, parental love, spousal love, and children's love. We seek a family centered on the Heavenly Father in the homeland where the heavenly land can rejoice. Father, is there anything more valuable than such a family? Even if gold and treasures are as abundant as mountains, what connection can surpass that of a family centered on parental love, or the connection of siblings centered on parents? 

Knowing that you have come to find this, we earnestly hope and desire to be the ones who can leave behind infinite value here, to enjoy here, to pledge here, and to connect the motivations to establish history as the soldiers of unification. 

In the long historical process, we have shed sad tears. In every environment where men and women meet, sad stories have passed by, and on the crossroads of history, we know that they have evoked the sighs of heaven. Therefore, today we earnestly hope and desire that men and women can form a united family to fulfill your sorrow and become a solid bridge to defend against the enemy. 

From that standpoint, we must find ourselves, find our families, find our tribes, find our nations, and run toward a newly awakened world. 

When we realize that we are the ones who must go without rest today, may we know how to pave the way for tomorrow even in our sleeping places, and when we think that tomorrow's path remains in today's arduous labor, may we forget today's fatigue and think of tomorrow, overflowing with hope, and go forth centered on heaven and earth. 

If one’s strength is weak, may they be supported by the strength of heaven, and if one is lacking, may they become your children who know how to borrow the strength of the earth as they go forth. 

Father, today is the Sabbath. Many people who call upon your name and follow you have heard the command to keep the Sabbath holy, but many are moving while forgetting their own mission to serve you.
Father, please protect your young children gathered here today. Although today is a holy day, even if they are not able to keep it as a holy day and are in a place where they cannot attend at this time, please comfort their hearts and watch over their paths. May this place be a place of offering for this nation and a place of worship before You, and may we feel this even more deeply. With tearful hearts, let us once again connect our activities to the capital city of Seoul this morning.

Please do not let our walk be pitiful or shabby, but let us march as your children, strong and courageous heavenly warriors who can conquer the world, attacking and charging against the enemy in loyalty to Your command. We earnestly hope and desire this. When sorrow overflows and pierces our bones and flesh, please allow us to embrace You in our hearts, and in places where tears intersect, do not let us weep for ourselves, our families, our nation, or our ideologies, but let us be able to shed tears for families, tribes, nations, and humanity centered on You, and let us become new workers who can compile a new history of heaven. 

We earnestly hope and desire that this time, those who truly love You will worship and offer praise before You. 

From now on, for the remaining time, wherever we go, may You be with us, Father, and let us love You with unwavering hearts and work for the development of Your will. We earnestly hope and desire that we may not become those who lose the position You have established for us as liberators to restore the nation and liberate all people of the world.

Father, please let us know that all the facts of remaining history are looking upon us, and let us realize that countless nations and many sovereign states are calling upon us. 

Even if our feet are wounded, we know that we have a mission to lead those feet, so let us be Your sons and daughters who can struggle to go toward that place. We must go even in the dark of night, we must go even in our dreams, and we must go while we are awake, believing that You will be with us on the path we carry our mission. 

Since we share the same circumstances and positions as You, we know that the path we walk is a place where Your tears follow, where Your sighs can be felt, and where Your difficulties and loneliness can dwell. Also, because that path can be the closest place to You, we know it is a place where You can come and comfort us. Even if we must die a thousand or ten thousand times, please allow our hearts to long to die with Your comforting voice. 

We want to go to the place where we receive Your commands and are comforted by You. Even if it is a place of whipping, even if it is at the crossroads of death, is that not our desire? Is that not the duty of a son, the obligation of sons and daughters? We are Your sons and daughters who have that determination, so please do not let us forsake You on the path we walk. When we stand in places where we shed tears and can sigh in loneliness, may we first think of Your tears and first think of Your sighs, and may we be Your children who can live with all emotions centered on You.

When we think that all the stories coming from around the world are connected to our will, we cannot help but feel a sense of urgency that we cannot rest today. 

Let us bow down with our hands joined in prayer before Your holy sanctuary, staying up all night in holiness, worrying about Your will, worrying about Your work, and knowing that we have the mission to take responsibility for the mission of restoration. May we become Your sons and daughters who are worthy of receiving the names of loyal and virtuous ones in Your nation. We know that if there are many such sons and daughters in Korea, Korea can lead the world, so let us stand before this nation as Your sons and daughters who carry the spirit of Korea, called and sought by tradition. 

We earnestly request and desire that those who can become a substantial entity capable of resolving the past, present, and future in the world live here and lay the foundation for a new era. 

Let us become sons and daughters who can praise the value of today for tomorrow, and let us be sons and daughters who bow our heads and pray, pledging to dedicate tomorrow to You. We offer all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen. 

**Put forth your sincerity**
<Summary of the message> Many people who were at the forefront of history end up fading away in the end. Among you, those who are older have many accomplishments. Based on the present moment, is each person developing, stagnant, or retreating? You must belong to one of these three categories. If someone has been patriotic in their youth, even if they cannot be active in their old age, they must maintain a burning patriotism in their hearts to be a true patriot. If one gives up their patriotism in their heart just because they are old and regrets their patriotic sacrifices from their youth, then their past patriotic achievements will inevitably return to nothing. The traditional standards through a life of conviction must remain unchanged.

**You must work from an absolute position**
Now is not the time to bless the people of the spirit world. The return of earthly people is the priority. Therefore, even the pleas from the spirit world that cannot be expressed are set aside, and the providence of blessing is being carried out primarily for earthly people. Yet, those who cannot keep this important moment will be accused by the spirits. 

On December 8, 1968, at the former headquarters church. 
* This message was a special encouragement given to members who joined before 1963 after Sunday service, compiled from the second issue of the <Newsletter> (December 15, 1968) and notes recorded by the chairman of the Historical Compilation Committee, Yoo Kwang-ryeol. 

Those who have started anew centered around us are those who have been members for a long time. If someone entrusted with the will does not hold the will as absolute, that person can no longer be established before the will. Those who reminisce about the good old days are already pushed out of the benefits of this era. The time when you were loyal following the teacher should be different from the time when you are loyal yourself. In the past, the teacher was the one who restored the spiritual standard. However, from now on, you must inherit it and multiply it centered on yourselves. In other words, it is the time for actual restoration. Without a foundation for your activities, you cannot stand in an absolute position. The question is who will connect the spirit world of the elder nation, Cain, and the physical world of the younger nation, Abel.

Old members are trying to establish their positions. This is a very dangerous thing. God has not yet established His position either. For God to establish His position, at least a national standard that He can directly govern must be established. Therefore, you must abandon the desire to establish your position and continue to struggle with a heart full of longing.

Those who are loyal to God will be absolutely responsible for the teacher. If you cannot offer sincerity with your body in your old age, you must at least offer sincerity with your heart. If you leave behind successors who will inherit the will, God will recognize it.

**When you go to the spirit world**
When you arrive in the spirit world, you will be asked whether your current standard is more earnest than when you first faced the will. 

What if you die for the will? What will you achieve by living a miserable life for a thousand or ten thousand years? The Bible says, "Let us not become weary in doing good..." (Galatians 6:9). 

If those who belonged to the past era do not take the lead when a new era comes, they will become obstacles in history. Therefore, they will inevitably be removed. 

Blessed families have been blessed to carry out the mission of the second Messiah, but it has rather become a burden. When frost hits the path of the will, if you cannot fulfill your mission, the blessing will become a curse. Therefore, establishing positions is dangerous. If that establishment is for their own comfort, it is even more unacceptable.

When Cain and Abel arise in one household, judgment becomes necessary. There may arise situations where blessings must be given and then judgment must be made. Even from the current position, Cain and Abel are already forming.

Originally, when the teacher speaks joyful words centered on the will, heaven and earth should tremble with joy, and when he speaks sad words, heaven and earth should weep with lamentation. Originally, everyone who can come here should be Abel. To do so, you must absolutely obey the teacher's words.

Those who march for the nation's work will be stabbed to death if they are found drunkenly sobbing at an inn along the way.

**Let us put forth our sincerity**
The offering I bring must be pure and absolute. If you truly understand the will, you cannot sleep comfortably. You must go through trials to inherit the will. As long as you have the strength to move, you should distribute even a single flyer. Do you think the will will be fulfilled like this? If the will that is fulfilled like this has anything to do with you, then what is it?

If you save a single soul, as the teacher once said to you, you must stay up all night, share the word, and treat them warmly. If members come and you ignore them, who will come back again? If you lose the heart that earnestly longed for new members in the early days, you will perish.

Put forth your sincerity! Those who serve the teacher must move more than the teacher. If you have not fulfilled your mission, you should come early and offer your sincerity in prayer.

Those who have formed connections must think about whether they are facilitating the path of the will for each other or making it slack. Young people must give for others more than for their own children. Do not become Cain while following the Unification Church. Blessed families must be prepared to risk their lives and go to any dangerous place for the sake of the will. If you have that determination, what can you not do from anywhere across the nation?

**Let us put forth our sincerity!** As long as the foundation of sincerity remains, resurrection will occur. Now, we primarily engage in external work out of necessity, but when the time comes again, it will surge internally. At that time, the teacher will not act in Korea. He will go to places like Washington, USA, and act on a global scale. The question is whether you can follow at that time. Prepare to be able to follow at that time.

Strike your own body. The body likes to be well-fed, well-dressed, and comfortable. Therefore, take the opposite position. If you have something happy, you must share it with this nation. You must not center it around yourself and enjoy it.

Right now, we are truly walking an incredible path. The teacher is not someone who goes along comfortably. Do not become an obstacle on the path of the will. Show an example to the younger generation. Maintain your public position. There is nothing but the will.

**Let us establish the tradition of the new era**
Old members must take the steps the teacher walked and stand at the forefront. The era of growth must be better than the era of infancy, and the era of completion must be better than the era of growth. We must establish a new tradition of sincerity for the new era.

Middle-aged and older members are the practical leaders. When you meet, you must have progressive conversations. In other words, you should make the topic how you have lived centered on the will during that time. You must focus on these things. Also, among the women, you should share, "I did this with my husband, and it changed like this. Are you doing the same? How are you living?" You should exchange words in this manner. When you finally meet, it should not be a conversation that turns away from the will.

When the middle-aged cannot take responsibility for the will, the era centered on the middle-aged will pass. Now, we will make the middle-aged men and women active. The most problematic group is always the middle layer. When the time of the will surges like a tide, you must be prepared to swim through it.

Each person should guide at least three new members a year. Shouldn't a branch of a tree produce at least three branches in a year?

Wealth for one household has nothing to do with the wealth of the entire nation. However, if that household's wealth contributes to the nation, the wealth of that household will live on forever.

The heads of the headquarters must strive for the development of the headquarters, no matter how busy they are. Therefore, everyone must be completely united centered on the teacher. However, you are not united now. Where are you now? Are you advancing, stagnant, or retreating? We cannot help but ask where you are.

We must probe all external and internal achievements and make a fresh start. There is no other way here now. Do not worry about food. If you live centered on the will, food will come naturally. What the teacher knows is that heaven cannot help but have compassion for me. I know this for sure. That is why I will not perish.

If this work is good, you should be fine whether it brings profit or loss. Why waste the important time that comes only once? Those who live at the headquarters should not sleep before the teacher. You must never take a nap. The teacher knows what you are thinking just by hearing the sound of knives in the kitchen.

Those who like high things or societies will perish. Therefore, you must know the secret to not perishing.

There are no privileged classes in our church. On December 20, everyone should prepare to go out for evangelism. 

**Let us continue the full-scale advance**
With the year 1969, our church has started with a new system. Until now, our church has remained at a familial stage. In other words, we started from the familial stage by holding the holy ceremony in 1960 and blessed up to 120 families in three years.

Our church is different from ordinary churches in that the church is linked with the family. In fact, our church emerged in a new form centered on the year 1960. During the first seven-year course, we set a goal each year, with the first year's goal being to leave the greatest achievements of our lives, the next year being to become the representative of the Father, and the following year being to become those who can show and share. We set a heartfelt standard like this. And from the fourth year of the seven-year course, we saw the completion of the first seven-year course under the slogan of becoming victorious subjectors.

**The providential meaning of the slogan of full-scale advance**
During this period, we walked out to establish a national indemnity standard from a personal indemnity standard in accordance with the heavenly internal providence. Thus, we aimed to rise to the standard that God desires by settling internal conditions. 

When viewed centered on Cain and Abel, our country and the Unification Church are in the relationship of Cain and Abel. Although it is not in the overall field, we have finished the seven-year course by raising the external environment to the standard we desired based on the heavenly perspective centered on the Unification Church. And last year, with the start of the second seven-year course, we designated God's Day, and today is the first anniversary of that day. This day is a day that has never existed in history and a new commemorative day that has never existed in history. God's Day is an important day that we must commemorate.
1968 was the year that marked the beginning of the second seven-year course, and it was a year that pushed forward with the slogan of "full-scale advancement." Full-scale advancement is not centered around any individual but must move the world as a whole. Just as our church is, there will be such a time for Korea as well. Just as Korea is, Asia must also move from that standpoint, and the world must do the same. However, the world, Asia, and our country all lack a clear purpose. Therefore, without a purpose, if we follow the trends of the times without experiencing hardships, we cannot align individual aspects with the overall direction centered around new issues.

However, the Unification Church emerged under the slogan of full-scale advancement centered on a heavenly purpose. Yet, if this full-scale advancement does not achieve full victory, it will only remain a slogan. In other words, although we started with the slogan of full-scale advancement, there are still many processes left to achieve that goal. At the very least, for the Republic of Korea, we must reach a standard where the Unification Church can be fully recognized on a national level.

Until then, we must continue this operational system, which is why this year we have also adopted full-scale advancement as our slogan. Therefore, until 1969, I declare to you that we will strengthen our system and activities centered around the slogan of full-scale advancement.

From the standpoint of needing to make a full-scale advancement, if we examine the components of our church, first, there is our church, second, there are families, and next, there are the Victory Alliance and Principle Study Groups that have external activity systems centered around the church, along with business sectors. There are these five areas of activity. Our church operates under this system. It goes without saying that these must be mobilized for a full-scale advancement. It is God's urgent demand to advance these in a comprehensive manner.

However, realistically, our situation is in an abnormal environment where we do not even have a flat standard. In other words, we lack the necessary conditions: first, there is a shortage of human resources, and second, there is a lack of economic support. These two conditions bring significant damage and obstacles to all activities.

Establishing a faith tradition aligned with the Word
This year, we cannot overlook the numerical issues within the church. How many members are needed centered around the Unification Church? The external perception of the Unification Church and the internal reality are vastly different. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to solidify our internal foundation this year to achieve external recognition and balance, and to further establish how we can manifest a subjective authority.

To elevate the church to this standard, ultimately, the issue of faith standards becomes critical. When viewed from the perspective of this faith standard, our path of faith differs from that of the congregants of general established churches. The Unification Church's path of restoration based on principle is similar to the official path.

For this reason, we must increase the number of churches based on a solid ideological foundation more than any other religious organization. Above all, what must be prioritized is establishing a faith tradition. We must establish a tradition centered around the church. Thus, we must secure numbers based on this tradition; if we secure numbers without a tradition, we will only end up with a disorganized group.

So, how can we secure numbers based on tradition? First, we must organize the tradition centered around the church. What the teacher emphasized during the first seven-year course was the establishment of tradition. You must establish a tradition regarding the Word. Unification Church members from Korea, Japan, and the United States must all establish a unified tradition in understanding the Word. In other words, we must establish a unified tradition centered around the Word with a principled mindset and lifestyle.

Until now, each has established their own tradition, but from now on, we must establish a unified tradition across Korea, Japan, and the entire world. I emphasized this point when touring foreign countries. We must establish a global tradition regarding the Word.

Secondly, we must possess a character that can unify with the Word. In other words, the Word should not be disconnected from you, and you should not be disconnected from the Word.

In the final judgment, there are three major judgments: the judgment of the Word, the judgment of character, and the judgment of heart. These are absolute standards. The fall of man is when one does not stand in alignment with God's Word. The command not to eat should have been absolutely upheld to establish a tradition. However, since that was not done and the fall occurred, those walking the path of restoration must establish a tradition that can unite with God's truth that will ultimately manifest.

In heaven, such a tradition is established, but for those living on earth, it has not yet become a tradition. If this tradition is not established, the Unification Church could also become divided into numerous sects like the established churches of today. Thus, how we will establish a tradition that unites around the Word becomes an absolute issue.

The standard of human original character
The Word must be aligned with the Word, and we must not be disconnected from ourselves. We must become individuals who can grow centered around the Word. In other words, we must become one with God's Word. However, what you know is the Word related to Satan, and the ideological system you pursue and think about does not escape the position related to Satan. All elements of the satanic world are centered around humans and cannot escape the realm of the fall. Therefore, we must innovate everything with the new Word.

However, can we simply harmonize with the traditional Word until now? Absolutely not. The traditional Word must be completely severed and resolved. All satanic concepts, beliefs, and habits that have existed in the satanic world until now must also be eradicated. Thus, we must establish a tradition centered around the absolute standard of the Word.

When establishing the Word, you must align with the teacher's heart standard. Even if you learn the Word, it is for the sake of believing based on the standard learned, not for completeness. Behind that Word lies a traditional standard that must be internalized. Therefore, we must further establish a tradition regarding the Word.

Next, we need character. The character referred to here is the kind of character that can subdue Satan, which means the perfection of individuality.

So, what is the standard of individuality that Unification Church members speak of? Simply spending several years as a Unificationist does not mean one has perfected their individuality. That standard is the one that has made God suffer for 6,000 years and has caused God pain, a standard that can subdue Satan, which is unacceptable for eternity. That is the original character standard of humans created by God.

Who is Satan? The archangel. The archangel was a servant of God and is the twisted serpent of God's sons and daughters. The father's servant is also a servant to the son. However, that servant became an enemy and became Satan, who brings accusations before God.

Therefore, we must possess our original character to subdue Satan, and to subdue him, it cannot be done merely by force; it must be done through the Word. Even the temptations of Satan against Jesus were made using the Word. Thus, you must confront Satan centered around the Word and be able to present all historical crimes from the motives that made Satan Satan before God in a public manner, and you must be in a position of prosecution to criticize and subdue Satan. Such a person is one who truly subdues Satan.

Satan has until now dragged fallen humanity before God's court and led them all to hell. Of course, there is sin in humanity, but Satan, who knows God's will from the very motive, has played a leading role in isolating humanity from God. We must recognize that we are in a position to subdue such Satan.

The fall of humanity is the loss of the rights of the original sons and daughters who were supposed to inherit God's authority and dominate Satan. Therefore, to overcome the fallen standard, humanity must restore its original rights. To do this, we must establish God, the Lord of all creation and the judge who judges injustice, as the presiding judge. Thus, we must have the qualifications to bring Satan before God and expose all his sins to seek judgment. Only then can we become individuals who can stand before God.

Qualifications to become God's sons and daughters
Religion must align with God's will and enter into the world that God desires. In other words, it must enter into God's direct dominion. To enter into God's direct dominion, you must completely settle accounts with Satan and be in a position that has eternally separated from Satan. Only then can you receive God's direct dominion and be able to subdue Satan.

Unification Church members must establish a tradition that can subdue Satan. To do this, you must understand Satan well. You must clearly know what sins Satan has committed before God throughout the 6,000 years of human history. Only then will Satan bow his head and acknowledge it and submit before that Word.

If there is a robber in the world, he can hide to some extent in certain environments and worlds. Conscience may tell him he is wrong, but he can still continue his life. However, even a child can expose the truth of the crime and directly confront the robber, causing him to bow his head. In the same way, when you know all the truths of the sins committed by Satan and can appear before God with the authority to accuse or report, only then will Satan submit.

To gain the qualifications to subdue Satan, you must transcend the position where Adam and Eve fell with God at the center. Adam and Eve did not know of the fall before they fell.

So, what must you do in that position? First, you must welcome God. To welcome God, you must sever all connections to the world. This must be done with a heart of love. You must completely deny all social conditions. All must be denied. All religions are established through self-denial. In other words, the true path arises from self-denial. The greater the religion, the more it does not just deny certain aspects but denies all of history and reality.

Christianity has even denied the Old Testament before Jesus. That is why, throughout the historical process, it has shed the blood of martyrs and fought, yet has developed until now. Why is that? Because God desires that the standard of human character aligns with God's absolute love and that humanity can welcome God and become one with the Word.

The path that you, as members of the Unification Church, must take is a single path. You must completely make God's Word your own. You must internalize all the contents of that Word as your own. Thus, when you have a character aligned with the Word, you become God's sons and daughters. Without becoming God's sons and daughters, you cannot command the servant.

The archangel, in the position of a servant, fell and became Satan, but the principle of heaven does not tolerate the denial of one's position. Therefore, the position of God's sons and daughters is higher than that of Adam and Eve when they fell. In other words, it is a higher position than Adam and Eve before their fall. That is, when you command the archangel, he must respond with "Yes" and comply; it is a position where you can sing glory as God's children and receive God's utmost love.

For this reason, what the Unification Church advocates is not merely to believe and go to heaven. Before going to heaven, these issues must be resolved. In other words, your character must be able to subdue Satan. You must have the belief that you can subdue Satan anywhere and anytime, whether in heaven and earth, the spirit world, or the physical world. Thus, you must stand with God at the center and inherit God's authority.

Restored Godism, theism
Human history develops through culture. The underlying purpose of forming a cultural world is to find a truth body centered around one personality. In other words, it is to seek a personality centered on truth. Therefore, human history is a history of seeking truth. It is a history of seeking the true Word and the true principle.

But what are ideologies or thoughts? From the very beginning, there cannot be any ideology or thought. If we were to name such ideologies or thoughts, it would be Adamism or Adam thought. Adamism is not communism or democracy. It is parentism. Originally, if Adam and Eve had not fallen and had started from God, recognizing God as their Father and becoming His sons and daughters, the ideology centered around them would be Godism.

The ideology centered around God is one that can harmonize all people with the subject and can affirm the whole, absorb the whole, and can absorb itself. There can be no factions within it. However, because humanity fell, such an ideology could not emerge, so we must seek to return to it. This is restored Godism. It is also the ideology of the sons and daughters centered on God.

In the Unification Church, we speak of theism. Theism refers to the sons and daughters becoming a couple centered on God and forming a family. However, no one has asked why the character for "universe" in theism is not written as "Lord." When we say theism, the character for "universe" means home, and the reason we use the character for home is that it refers to family, that is, a couple.

A family cannot consist of only sons. It is not enough for just one Jesus to come to this earth. Why? Because the fall occurred through a couple. Therefore, in today's path of restoration, a couple must emerge. Since Adam and Eve, who were to form a couple, fell, a perfected Adam and Eve, that is, good parents, must emerge. Such parents refer to the Lord of the Second Advent and his bride, as spoken of in the Christian feast of the Lamb. Therefore, both men and women must possess character.

The standard for the perfection of individuality that constitutes character must be the Word. Therefore, the perfection of individuality cannot be achieved apart from God's laws. However, even if one possesses character and subdues Satan, that alone is not sufficient. One must dominate Satan as God's sons and daughters to maintain that dominion forever. This is because Satan has also received God's love.

The motivation for Satan's fall was the feeling of diminished love due to Adam and Eve. Before humanity was created, Satan monopolized God's love for a long time. However, when Adam and Eve began to receive God's love, Satan attempted to make them fall to monopolize God's love again. Originally, Adam and Eve were to become a couple and love each other only after they had fulfilled the command not to eat.

Even Jesus could not completely subdue Satan on earth. He was victorious over Satan in part, but he could not completely subdue Satan on a global and overall level. This is because humanity was created through a couple.
Without passing through the door of the couple, one cannot achieve complete victory. Therefore, Jesus had to become one with the Holy Spirit, centered on God's love, and establish the Trinity to materially subdue Satan. This is the principle of the universe. Thus, no matter how much character one possesses, it is essential to receive God's love.

Human beings, created by God through His word, are entities capable of containing God's word. However, due to the fall, they became incapable of containing God's word. To restore this, Christianity seeks to align with the concept of the bride and groom. This is absolute. For this reason, becoming a person who can possess God's heart centered on His word is the desire of a believer.

The reason for sending Unification Church members to the front lines
Christianity states that there must be the judgment of truth before the path of a person. If an individual does not align with the truth, they are judged individually; if a family does not align with the truth, they are judged as a family; if a nation or world does not align with the truth, they are judged nationally, politically, and globally.

To avoid such judgment, humanity has established ideologies and philosophies. However, ideologies and philosophies alone are not sufficient. Because of the division between Cain and Abel, that is, communism and democracy, the ideology of the couple must emerge. What is this ideology of the couple? It is the ideology of the father and mother centered on the bond of the family. This is the principle of the cosmos.

If you are to establish the tradition of the principle of the cosmos, you must possess a character that can become one with the word. Thus, seeing your character, God should be able to inherit the entirety of the universe, and you must possess an active subjectivity.

Our Unification Church must establish a tradition that can inherit this principle of the cosmos centered on the couple. However, to establish a tradition, we must subdue Satan. To subdue Satan, we must break through the world and achieve victory. Within the confines where you live, you will be defeated by Satan. You must leap out and meet Satan at the very top where everyone can recognize you. That place is the front line of God and the front line of Satan. Therefore, God's rear and Satan's rear are your family.

Satan's front line is where it fights against God. In this nation, it is the 38th parallel where democracy and communism confront each other. The moment you decide to cut off everything and cross the line is the problem. That is where the fierce duel occurs.

The decisive victory that can subdue Satan does not happen in your bedroom. It is determined at the intersection where fierce battles take place. For this reason, Jesus sought such a place. The Garden of Gethsemane is such a place. At the moment on the cross when death and life intersect, the moment when it is decided whether it will be death or life is the moment victory or defeat is determined.

Now is the moment when 1968 and 1969 are changing. What did you feel? Have you already passed it without feeling it? There are moments of intersection for individuals, families, churches, nations, and the world, but people pass by without knowing it. We must not be unaware of that.

The Unification Church sends people to the front lines who have the authority to subdue Satan. It pushes them into places where the nation opposes and the world opposes, to places where no one supports them. Jesus felt, "Am I the only one left?" in such a place...

To restore, you must go to such a front line. Therefore, you must at least go through three villages, three towns, and three counties, and visit more than three nations. Thus, the Unification Church must go through the trials of at least three nations. That is why it has faced persecution during the Japanese colonial period, from communists, and from the democratic world. You must also go through such processes individually.

What we must do during the second seven-year course
To proclaim the word, we need people who can practice the word. We need people who are willing to fight and die for the word. We need people who swear to follow the will with their lives. That oath must be made at the moment of determining the outcome against Satan. Before that, one should not make an oath.

Through such an oath, one must establish themselves as God's representative and repay the enemy centered on God's heart. We must identify and subdue God's enemies. Thus, you must have the authority to subdue Satan at the front line.

Only after that can you finally overcome the process of judgment. This is the tradition of the Unification Church taught by our principles. After the first seven-year course, we are now walking the second seven-year course, and some may think, "I can go without regard to that tradition because I am an exception." However, that will not work.

The teacher fought against Satan centered on everything in the spirit world to establish the word, and he fought against Satan in the midst of all persecution from the physical world. He did so personally at the highest front line, and he did so at the family level, as well as at the tribal, national, and global levels. You must understand that the teacher has walked such a path to establish the tradition of the word in such places.

Therefore, you must establish a tradition that is unified around the word and a tradition that is unified around the heart. For this, you must have the heart of a parent who represents God and the heart of a parent who represents God's heart, and you must have the heart to love humanity as a servant. And you must receive the sign from Satan saying, "Yes, that is correct." In other words, you must receive a certificate from Satan confirming that you have achieved victory.

Despite such a great task remaining, there are those who think, "What does that have to do with me? It only applies to our teacher." This is absolutely wrong. The teacher has issues on a national, global, and cosmic scale, but you must take responsibility at a lower level.

From this perspective, if you want to become a true Unification Church member standing in the position of understanding the will, you must achieve victory personally, as a family, and tribally. You must achieve victory tribally. That is why blessed families must fulfill the mission of tribal messiahs. The period to do this is the second seven-year course. Therefore, you must establish a tradition during this period. You must establish the tradition of the family, the tradition of the tribe, and the tradition of the entire church.

During the seven-year course, you must live centered on this mission, fight centered on this mission, and die centered on this mission. The conditions for victory and defeat will be determined centered on the seven-year course, and the full-scale advance must also be centered on this seven-year course. Therefore, you must establish a tradition here.

To become God's representative
This year, we have entered the second stage of the full-scale advance, and this second stage is crucial. In the second seven-year course, we must inevitably establish a tradition. The first slogan of the first seven-year course was to make this year the year of the greatest achievement in life. For humanity, the greatest achievement in life is to perfect individuality. In other words, it means to subdue Satan before heaven and earth and to achieve one's liberation.

It is not a problem to become a part of the nation by having a lot of money or to become a sovereign enjoying power in a nation. Those are all fleeting; they have nothing to do with the purpose of one's life. They may serve as temporary goals for living but have no relation to the purpose of life. The greatest purpose of life is to achieve individuality centered on God. In other words, it is to become sons and daughters who can receive God's love through the unity of the word, personality, and heart.

When you become sons and daughters of God, you become God's representatives. However, to fulfill the mission as a representative, it cannot be done by a man alone. Jesus, too, stood in the position of God's representative when he came to this earth, but he could not fulfill his mission because he did not receive a bride. It absolutely cannot be done alone. Even when looking at the individual, the body and mind must be united, and the standard of the partner must be established.

When looking at the individual of a man and a woman, to fully become God's representative, both must transcend the fallen line together. Because both fell, that fallen line cannot be crossed alone. In other words, unless a perfect man and a perfect woman unite centered on God, they cannot become God's representatives.

Next, we must become those who can show and boast. This refers to the expectation of the son-in-law. It refers to the expectation of the son-in-law that emerges as a result of fulfilling the mission as God's representative. All of this is said in relation to the family. It is not about going out into society to form organizations and contribute to the nation, but it is about the family. We must restore the expectation of the son-in-law before God. Only by restoring the expectation of the son-in-law and showing it to God and the heavenly world, as well as to the world of creation, can one become the master.

Because the expectation of the son-in-law has gone wrong, to restore this expectation, one must become a victorious subject. A victorious subject is someone who can govern all directions.

As we enter the second seven-year course, we must make a full-scale advance. Therefore, you must achieve individuality. Achieving individuality requires the word, personality, and heart. Without these, everything will return to nothing. We must not become boastful as we go out under the slogan of full-scale advance. We must make a full-scale advance as sons and daughters of God who have achieved individuality.

We must make a full-scale advance to create a garden of peace and welfare. To build a garden of peace and welfare, men and women must establish a blessed family, which is the foundation of happiness centered on the ideal partner. Therefore, the purpose of advocating for a full-scale advance is to prepare a foundation of peace and rest that God can rejoice in, centered on the family.

Blessed families must awaken
The first seven-year course is centered around the teacher. That is why the teacher has gone through the seven-year course with the thought of establishing a foundation of peace and rest centered on the year 1960.

To establish an internal standard, we must carry out restoration through indemnity. If we have established an external standard of blessing, we must internally organize ourselves. Therefore, in the three-year course, we must complete and transcend the expectation of the son-in-law. This is achieved centered on the teacher. The slogan emerged centered on these issues.

Thus, we must seek the national inheritance rights centered on blessed families. We must transcend the standard where Abel was killed by Cain. Even if there is national opposition, we must rise to a standard that can be welcomed. Therefore, we must thoroughly study the principles. Even if I do not tell you to study the principles, you must do so on your own.

The path of establishing the thought of the principle of the cosmos centered on the ideology of the Unification Church is absolute. This is the most important issue in our church, and the time has come to reorganize this. You must understand this.

Now, to expand the number and establish a solid foundation, we must establish a tradition. You must become one with God centered on the word, personality, and heart, and you must stand on a foundation that God can recognize, becoming one with the central being. Thus, you must be able to manifest as a traditional entity. From the position of being an entity, you must establish the tradition of the word, the tradition of personality, and the tradition of heart to represent the teacher.

The teacher has come through overcoming all hardships and sufferings to establish a foundation victorious over Satan centered on this word. He firmly planted the sign of victory. He has laid the foundation of heart that only God and the teacher know. He has established a record and foundation of heart that no saint or philosopher throughout history could achieve. That is why the Unification Church itself is not frightening; it is the content that the Unification Church possesses that is frightening.

Therefore, you must stand on that foundation and absolutely obey the words of the teacher who directs you. The teacher, too, is absolute before God's command. There is absolutely no room for negotiation there. You must solemnly engage with it, transcending your own circumstances, desires, heart, and feelings. Do you think you can just do it casually, as if you are doing your own responsibility? Absolutely not. If it were possible that way, it would have already been done 6,000 years ago.

We must establish a clear tradition centered around these issues. The responsibility of the family is crucial in realizing this. However, families are losing their strength. They regard the blessing as something cheap. God has awaited blessed families for 6,000 years. Yet, families are forgetting this fact. The teacher has sought this for over 40 years. He has paved the way, sacrificing everything and enduring all kinds of hardships throughout the historical course.

Whether it is the king of a nation or the people, signing is the same, but there is a vast difference in the content. Similarly, in terms of blessing, while it may seem trivial externally, there is an enormous difference when considering the content and value. Therefore, families must awaken.

The blessed family, the seed among seeds, the root among roots
For 4,000 years before Jesus came, humanity shed Abel-like blood to fulfill God's desire to subdue the enemies and villains, going through numerous national courses and establishing conditions for offerings. However, that returned to nothing. Thus, it became rooted in countless generations of resentment.

To resolve this resentment, God has been guiding from Adam to Noah for 1,600 years, but it could not be resolved. Even after passing through Abraham, Moses, and reaching Jesus, 4,000 years passed without resolution. God sought a man who could fulfill His desire centered on Abel from the Adam family, but that desire was not fulfilled, and the providence extended for 4,000 years until Jesus came to the world.

Yet, even Jesus could not resolve that resentment. If a man could not resolve it, it goes without saying that a woman cannot. That is why women in the Unification Church must receive blessings and fulfill their responsibilities.

For 4,000 years, to find one man, they cried out, "Lord! Bridegroom, please come!" However, because Jesus came and could not fulfill His purpose and returned, countless Christians have been crying out, "Lord, come!" for the past 2,000 years while shedding blood.

If one understands the many twists of history caused by one woman's mistake, today’s women should feel an even greater sense of responsibility and repent. However, no matter how much women pray and strive, the purpose cannot be fulfilled until one man achieves victory.

In this age of the end, having gone through such a historical course of twists and turns, a new thing has finally emerged under the banner of the Unification Church, which has never happened in history. Therefore, the Unification Church is something that cannot be exchanged for the entirety of the world. Thus, the blessed families of the Unification Church must establish a new tradition. For one man to appear, countless people have shed blood for 6,000 years.
Many countries have emerged after being whipped. They staggered, trying to overcome the 6,000 years of Han, shedding tears they didn't even know they had, fulfilling God's will. Through this group, God has paved the way for a man to stand until now. He has given the gift of liberation, conferred the privilege of liberation, and blessed men to stand unconditionally in the place of liberation.

Blessed families have a connection that cannot be severed from the fortunes of heaven and earth. God has said that they are the ancestors who have been cherished for countless generations, the root of roots and the seed of seeds, wanting to place them in a precious position, which is the blessed family.

In other words, the couple that forms a blessed family transcends the origins of humanity's evil parents that were created by the fall of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. They trace back to establish the standard of good parents and appear with the privileged gift of having the rights of good ancestors in a good world. Therefore, what makes that couple rejoice is also what makes heaven and earth rejoice. This is the kind of family that must exist.

You have likely met many spiritual witnesses who testify about the teacher. While many are curious as to why so many spiritual witnesses testify about the teacher, once they understand the truth, they cannot help but testify. There are tremendous issues hidden that you cannot comprehend.

There is only one path. The teacher has devoted 50 years to walk this path. From today, the label of 50 has been attached to the teacher. He prayed to God to quickly pass through the many 40 hills. Now that we are entering the 50 hills, what will we do during the 10 years leading to 60? We want to establish the tradition of the family and fulfill that mission.

The mission of the blessed family
Families exist for the will of God. Therefore, if there is no will, families will perish. Thus, those who want to live selfishly for their own families will ultimately fail, no matter how much they struggle. In the end, they can only follow the standards by which the Unification Church itself develops.

Such families cannot absolutely follow the standard of development centered on God. God does not exist for the development of such families or for the benefits of such families. However, families receive the benefits of the Unification Church; the Unification Church does not receive the benefits of families. What this means is that the teacher himself never thinks of receiving benefits from the blessed families he has established.

Men are like the right foot, and women are like the left foot. There should never be a conflict. The teacher speaks about families because families are sacred places, like the most holy sanctuaries. However, families are also fearsome places. When a family goes wrong, it completely ruins the future of their sons and daughters. If one side, either the man or the woman, excels, they can compensate for the other's shortcomings, but if both go wrong, it leads to complete ruin.

When a single seed is sown in the spring garden and germinates perfectly, it brings forth perfect fruit, but if it does not germinate, the seed itself disappears. In the family of Adam, Abel was established to seek the blessed family, and the same was true for Noah's family and Abraham's family. Therefore, the blessed families of the Unification Church must repent rather than just enjoy life.

The teacher also made his beloved wife suffer. He has endured hardships even while treating passing beggars with disdain. This is because the nation and the state have failed in their responsibilities. Therefore, no matter how lowly your position may be, you must act with the responsibility of a heavenly family. Just as a bride must uphold the traditions and laws of her husband's family, so too must you uphold the dignity and prestige of a blessed family, fulfilling your responsibilities while maintaining the heavenly traditions and laws.

How many families are there that uphold the dignity and prestige of a blessed family and fulfill their responsibilities by keeping the heavenly traditions and laws? Public families must establish the heavenly tradition and uphold it steadfastly, whether they are eating, walking, or breathing. Men and women must unite as one and must invest at least 40 years in special devotion.

The teacher has endured countless injustices before the nation for 40 years, carrying a deep-seated resentment in his bones while paving this path. Those who do not understand this will be accused before the teacher. They will also be accused before God for the efforts He has made over 6,000 years and Jesus over 2,000 years. When you think about the tremendous burden that lies behind this, can you sleep? Even three years of bathing in cold water and offering devotion is not enough.

You must have three children of faith
We have public laws. We must die for public matters and live publicly according to public standards. However, there are many rogues. We must awaken.

The teacher has commanded the regional leaders to observe the next three days as a heavenly holiday. However, yesterday, a certain leader from the Buddhist sect came to me, claiming that he received a message from the spirit world that today marks a holiday like no other in the world. This shows that we are all testifying to what we are doing. They even shared that certain individuals attended the recent Japan-Korea hunting competition and the Japan-Korea victory competition.

The time has come. The teacher has sacrificed his family until this day. It is not because he does not know how to love his family as much as you do, nor is it because he does not know how to manage his family as well as you do. It is because the nation and the church have failed, and this must be indemnified through the teacher's family. Knowing this, the teacher walks this path, enduring pain alone. If that is tradition, then the family must call upon the father, even while staggering, and run toward the final victory.

Blessed families must establish traditions. When viewed in light of the destiny of the Unification Church, families are internal. If they are internal, they must be disciplined. Therefore, even if our families scattered across the three thousand ri and the world become offerings, we must pray, "Father, please love your son. Please love all humanity!"

Just as Jesus prayed, "Abba Father, not my will, but yours be done," you too must pray that even if your son suffers, you will save and liberate all people. Yet, you remain oblivious. I have a son, but I cannot hold Seongjin and love him tenderly. This is because the principle of indemnity and restoration dictates that Abel cannot be determined without establishing Cain. Thus, when Cain is established, Abel must save Cain.

You are the same. You must understand the facts behind the baby in your womb. While you may rejoice and spend money at the birth of a child, that money should be spent for the sake of the will. The teacher has never been able to hold a 100-day celebration or an annual birthday celebration.

Even the baby in your womb must pass through three stages, so you must find three children of faith who represent Cain, allowing them to submit to the baby from the womb. Without doing so, you cannot love your own children. Just as the archangel served Adam and Eve while they were in the womb, you must establish three children of faith who represent Cain so that your children are served from the womb. There are these twists and turns on the path of the family.

Dictatorship connects with the best and with eternity. The absolute is the highest form of dictatorship. We must create a level ground even if it requires dictatorship. Thus, the mission of the family is tremendous. You must establish three children of faith in your family and organize them from the baby in the womb.

Baby in the womb! Hurry and be born. You must have children of faith who can do this. Otherwise, complete indemnity cannot occur.

The teacher has done such things over a seven-year course. Therefore, you must do the same until your child is over 20 and gets married. You must be able to sacrifice for your child and even give your life while still being grateful.

When viewed in light of Jesus, Peter, James, and John are the sons of Jesus. Under such principles, Jesus carried those three sons with him. That Jesus had to receive a bride as a groom and become a father. At that time, the three sons of faith, Peter, James, and John, hoped that the baby would be born quickly, and that baby had to be raised carefully until the age of 20 to marry without incident. They had to protect him so that the standard of Adam and Eve before the fall could be restored.

Practical application of the Principle
Because the relationship in which the archangel made a mistake before Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden remains until later generations, we cannot sleep peacefully until we carefully raise and marry off our children of faith. This is because there is a possibility of falling. Only after carefully raising and blessing the children of faith can you be recorded as sons and daughters in God's lineage and be admitted into the kingdom of heaven.

You must understand that this principle exists. Restoration in the womb is absolute. That is why Cain and Abel fought, and Esau and Jacob struggled even in the womb. Thus, we seek to enter the womb.

You must serve in the opposite way from how you fought. Cain must serve Abel. If you cannot find this standard of service, complete restoration cannot occur. Because of this principle, God has been guiding for 6,000 years. What do you mean by believing and going to heaven? That is a misunderstanding of heaven. You must resolve these principled issues to receive liberation from the world of Satan.

To become children who lead the world, you must not deviate from this principle. You must lay this foundation. Therefore, at the very least, if you are a Unificationist, you must know what position you are in.

It is crucial for you to realize the principles through your principled life. So what is the realization of the principles? All other principles disappear, leaving only the principle of creation.

Because humans have a conscience, they can unite around the principle of creation. If one acts according to a good conscience, unity occurs automatically. Therefore, if you teach every day to hold onto your conscience and do only what your conscience approves, unity will happen automatically.

The conscience always accuses humans when they go in a bad direction. The conscience also plays a role in restraining bad actions. The conscience operates in everyone. So why does the conscience do this? That remains unknown. This conscience knows only two things: that bad is bad and good is good. It rejoices when things go well and feels sorrow when they go wrong. The conscience operates just like a natural phenomenon.

Without a subject and an object interacting, no power can arise. Power does not come from solitude. Power must arise from the subject and the object. When I say I am the object, even if I feel bad in my heart, there must be a subject, and even if I feel good, there must be a subject that can say it is good. This is why there is a term "sexual duality" in the principles of our Unification Church.

Where should people live? They should live in the most joyful places. They must live in the most ideal world. What kind of world is that? It is a place where people laugh, dance, and sing. It is a world where they live intoxicated by good winds. It is problematic if you cannot feel this in the Unification Church. Those who have never felt their cells laughing will become failures in the afterlife.

Our subject is God. Therefore, we must rejoice with God, sing with God, and dance with God. How wonderful would that be? Thus, our purpose is also God. Our life's journey is also a path to find God. That God is a realistic God.

The public is the gateway to heaven
Returning to the original position, think about why the heart can feel both sadness and joy. Unificationists must understand this. If there is a subject, there must be an object to complete the four-position foundation, and only then can the purpose of creation be fulfilled.

Therefore, you must have a sense of subjectivity. Unificationists must have a sense of subjectivity. In other words, everyone must have a thorough ideology, which is to have a sense of subjectivity. When this sense of subjectivity is for the nation and loves the nation, it becomes the standard for governing the nation.

This sense of subjectivity must have a positive form. Furthermore, it must not be isolated but must be established in a national context. It must be public, not private. Therefore, those who are loyal to the nation must set aside their private matters. Whether it is family, nation, or country, one must stand in a public position. You must stand in a public position and express your subjectivity from that perspective, acting from an absolute standpoint.

The public position refers to the heavenly principles. Why do we require a public standard? Because the public is the gateway to heaven. It is what the 30 million people of the nation and all humanity love. If you take that as a principle, even if you cannot act, you are still loved.

To have a sense of subjectivity, you must have an absolute sense of subjectivity. However, the absolute person, absolute righteousness, absolute goodness, and absolute love—all of these are subjects of God.

Therefore, your body and mind must become one with God, and your heart must become the subject, united with the body. Thus, my body, my self, must become a single subject. In other words, women and men must become one, just like a single cell, becoming a public subject.

When you stand in a public position, you must have the position of a couple. Thus, you become one with the public God and, transcending the nation, become one with everything in the world. When you become completely one before the perfect subject as a perfect object, the kingdom of heaven on earth will be realized.

In the future, how should Unificationists practice the principles in their lives? Unificationists must stand in a completely subjective position wherever they go. Then, everything they face becomes a perfect object, and they must regard and treat everything as if it were their own spouse. In other words, you must become a second teacher and pass through the standard of complete exchange to become a complete child of God. When that happens, you will achieve the complete four-position foundation and fulfill the purpose of creation.

Everything in this world can only exist through the law of the four-position foundation. The universe also exists centered on the law of give and take of the four-position foundation. Everything exists and develops centered on this law of the four-position foundation. Heavenly principles and the forces of the universe operate in this manner.

The causes of joy and sorrow
So where does a person feel the pangs of conscience? It is because the body moves even when the heart does not want it to. The subject, the heart, is not followed by the object, the body, which causes the heart to feel alienated from the body. When this happens, the standard of value diminishes and becomes smaller.

So where does joy come from? Joy arises when the body responds to the heart's demands.
When the mind and body become complete subjects and objects, achieving the principle of the Four Position Foundation, the body moves according to the desires of the mind. It is from this perspective that joy arises. As the heavenly fortune, which is the principle of the universe, supports us, the distance to meet God gradually shortens, bringing joy.  
However, when one engages in actions that weigh on their conscience, leading to the absence of the mind's counterpart, ultimately that subject will also cease to exist. The principle of this universe indicates that if only the subject exists, even if the object does not oppose, a force that drives it away will inevitably manifest. This appears as sorrow. Therefore, joy and sorrow arise from oneself as the cause.  
This universe began according to the laws of motion and the principles of the action of forces. Thus, everything aligns with the laws of heavenly fortune that match the rhythm of the universe. What aligns with the laws of heavenly fortune is the principle of the Four Position Foundation. Therefore, we must align ourselves with this principle of the Four Position Foundation and uphold it. However, if the results are lacking, one becomes a failure. In other words, no matter how well a couple gives and receives, if there are no children, the result is unhappiness. This is because the laws and principles of the universe revolve around the Four Position Foundation, and if only the Three Position Foundation is achieved, one is placed before the eternally revolving laws of the Four Position Foundation. When that happens, the distance from God increases, leading to natural sorrow.  
God is eternal. The reason we must have a sense of subjectivity is that God is eternal. Eternity means being free from any interference. It is not within the limits of the world of existence but exists beyond those limits. We seek to establish the value of existence to transcend that stage. Only when we have the authority to surpass the limits of the world of existence can we become one with God. Only then can we receive the guidance of God, who is the subject.  
For all things created by God to become one with Him, they must possess the ideological and emotional standards that allow God to guide them. When that happens, they become the perfect object before God, who is the complete subject governing this universe, and thus will inevitably progress and be able to dominate the world. However, to be eternally connected with God, it is not enough to have only strength. When one becomes completely one with the power of God's love, which is the action of God's servant, one cannot be separated or rejected eternally.  
Therefore, we must fight to center on God and connect with God's love. We must clearly understand that we should live a conscientious life and walk the path of struggle throughout our lives. To do this, we must realize a principled lifestyle. We must clearly distinguish between good and evil and live absolutely according to principles.  
From the perspective centered on conscience, if anything contributes even slightly to the standard of conscience, it brings joy, and if it detracts even slightly, it brings sorrow. Conscience commands us to always do good, as it moves according to the laws of heaven. Today, Unification Church members must absolutely avoid actions that weigh on their conscience. Conscience has a direct relationship with God, even more so than with others.  
It is unreasonable to say that one cannot walk the path of purpose because of someone else. In reality, one's own path is busy, and those they do not wish to see are organized by heavenly law. One should simply focus on walking their own path diligently. Satan supports the path of destruction, while God supports the path of prosperity. That is the turning point of good and evil, and the turning point of rise and fall.  
Thus, we must center on the principle of the Four Position Foundation and treat everything we encounter as if they were our own children. Such a mindset becomes the foundation upon which God can operate on this earth. This standard must be established starting from the family. Couples must unite their hearts. If the man is the subject, the woman must be the object, and they must completely give and receive. Spending a day, ten years, or a hundred years in this manner, when they finish their lives and go to the afterlife, those who lived in sorrow will go to hell, while those who had much joy will go to heaven. Thus, within our hearts, the lines of Satan and God coexist.  
In the world of philosophy, when the principle of unification reaches its peak, any political institution in the world must take a religious stance. Moreover, when considering the concept of restoration through indemnity, politics, academia, or anything else must adopt a religious perspective. Thus, many academic fields today are taking on a form of religion.  
Taking on the form of religion means rising from the very bottom. The Unification Church has also walked steps marked by a sorrowful historical fate while taking on the form of religion. So, what should we do by adopting the form of religion? We must resolve and develop the political, social, and academic issues of the world. To do this, we engage in the movement for church unity.  
And our proclamation of the victory ideology is because communism has become a major global issue today, and we must overthrow that communism. Therefore, our members have taken the initiative to establish the Victory Alliance, which has raised the standard to the highest level before our nation today. Currently, the movement for principle research is actively taking place on university campuses. Therefore, we must advance collectively. We must strengthen our victory activities. To defeat the communists, we must attack. In other words, we must take the offensive. We must conduct a nationwide and global advance centered on victory activities.  
In all areas, we must only advance.  
The activities on university campuses are responsible for the future generations, while victory activities are for the present. Religion is responsible for eternity. Therefore, we must advance in all areas. Within the church, we must establish a solid foundation by setting up familial, religious, and economic traditions. We must advance until 1970.  
If the nation falls, do you think your body and property will remain? We are all in a public position. When considering from a more valuable perspective, the individual must be sacrificed for the family, the family for the tribe, the tribe for the nation, the nation for the world. We must walk this public path to approach God, which is why the teacher is busy. No matter if individuals or everything else fails, the nation must not fall. Even if the nation falls, the world must not fall. Even if this earth fails, heaven must not fail. Therefore, those who do not comply with the teaching that the smaller must be sacrificed for the greater are all traitors.  
In the second seven-year course, three years are critical. Therefore, we must go forward with a more humble attitude, bowing our heads. Those who eat bad things and then eat good things are happy, but those who eat good things and then eat bad things are unhappy. Those who take the former position can be eternally happy.  
We must lay the foundation that can always leave good things behind. Moreover, since this year is a year of full advance, the members of the Unification Church must further solidify the church's traditions. We must also strengthen our principle research activities. If we do not make efforts and engage in activities in our respective fields, we cannot become Unification Church members.  
You must be fully mobilized to fulfill the heavenly mission in preparation for the crisis in Asia in 1970. Realizing that this is an urgent issue, you must devote yourself to being fully prepared, or you will not be able to stand before God. You must recognize that you are playing a leading role in establishing a new history and make new resolutions and determinations.  
          Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon < Volume 21 >  
               Printed January 15, 2002  
               Published January 25, 2002  
               Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee  
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo  
             Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co.  
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul  
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)  
           Fax Number: 701-1991  
           Registration Number: No. 3-98  
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961  