Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
74
Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family Association, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
Am I Truly Needed?
Every individual living on this earth often thinks about themselves, regardless of who they are. Especially when they are born in a country that does not live well compared to others, or when they lack parents, or when they do not have the conditions of their environment, or when they feel they are not good enough, or when they have not learned enough, or when they consider themselves incompetent, most people tend to feel despair and sadness. Moreover, young people today, those currently living on this earth, do not know their definite purpose in life, nor do they understand the value of living in their current position, which leads many to ponder the questions, "Why is humanity needed?" and "Am I needed?"

The Unchanging Being is Precious and Necessary
When we consider the question of whether we are needed, I believe you will think, "Ah, I am needed." When we say, "There is value in the world. He is necessary for the whole," we come to realize that the conditions of the environment influence the value and necessity of the individual. The more beings around a central existence need that existence, the more it becomes a truly valuable being, an indispensable existence in front of the whole. When that happens, it becomes completely necessary.

November 10, 1974 (Sun), Belvedere Training Center (New York, USA).
8   Am I Truly Needed?
When we think about what we call precious things, treasures, such as diamonds or gold, we ask why they are needed. We come to understand that they stand as representatives of all material things. When you think of jewels, you immediately think of gold and diamonds. People in the past valued them, and people today do the same, and people in the future will too.

Now, when we think about such precious items, they do not change. They simply do not change. Why are they needed? Because they stand in a position where, even when everything is compared, the standard of comparison does not deviate. That is why we know they are precious. Even if the environment changes, they have the privilege of not being swayed by it. Because such materials, such treasures, are in that position, it is only natural that everyone wants to be with them and desires to possess them.

Now, let’s apply this to humans. Among humans, what is the most precious being? When we consider humanity, what is the most important value? It cannot be something that changes from day to day. The reason we consider material things precious is that gold has a beautiful light that does not change, and diamonds are hard and do not change. So, when we consider something that represents humanity, something central to humanity, if God exists, what kind of being would God be? When we think about this, God should be greater than gold and greater than diamonds.

In all those qualities... From our human perspective, what is it that has unchanging qualities in any field? When we look at the attributes of the heart, God has many attributes, but He is not a being that changes. He is an absolute being that can maintain those attributes eternally without change. From that standpoint, although He possesses more attributes than anyone else, because He has a central point that does not change in all fields, it becomes established that the whole must need that God.

9
The Desire to Become an Unchanging Person is Human Nature
From that perspective, what kind of being should we humans become? We ourselves are the same. We should not change. Not only should we not change, but our firmness should be harder than diamonds, and our beauty should be more beautiful than gold. From that perspective, what kind of historical figures and sages do we have? They are those who possess unchanging ideals and unchangeable thoughts. They are people who live and act in an unchanging manner.

If they have a purpose, that purpose cannot change. They are people who have an unchangeable purpose for the whole. Those who have thoughts, actions, and purposes that cannot change become historical figures, regardless of what historical era passes. No matter how much humanity has needed such sages up to now, if they can change their thoughts, actions, and purposes to something better, then the being that caused that change becomes more valuable than the sages of the past and naturally becomes a person more needed beyond historical eras.

So, are those thoughts, actions, and purposes limited to that one person? When what he thinks can replace the thoughts of the whole, when his actions can replace the actions of the whole, and when the purpose he desires can replace the purpose of the whole, the broader that field is, the greater he becomes as a sage.

From that perspective, when we compare ourselves to such sages, when we consider whether I am truly a needed being, those figures appear great and high, while I seem to be nothing.

Now, turning back to ourselves, when we look at ourselves centered around me, in terms of your own nature, is there anyone who wants to be a person who always wants to change, who wants to be this way or that way? There is none.

You always think about that. Everyone has the desire to make themselves the center, to have all things revolve around them, regardless of whether they are Japanese, Korean, American, or any other nationality, whether they are from the past, present, or future. There is no difference. Isn't that true? "Yes."

Then, why do I want to be this way? In the end, it is not just for myself. You must understand that. It is not that I think this way for my own sake. Ultimately, it is because of someone else, because of someone else, but also because of me that I have these thoughts. Even though you yourself may have many whims in a day, who likes a whimsical person? I may be whimsical, but I desire someone who is not whimsical.

Now, when we look at this, the place where we want to live is where there are unchanging people and innocent beings. That is what we want to say.

The Nature of Humanity's Desires
So, when we look at ourselves, where do I start living throughout my life? Ultimately, it starts from parents, from parents. Where did you start living? You started living from your mother’s womb before you lived for yourself. So, what did you do while in the womb? You absorbed all the elements of your mother and grew up. If the baby in the womb has a desire, the desire of the baby would be that the mother is always happy, joyful, singing, and feeling good. That would be the baby’s greatest wish while in the womb. That is why prenatal education is necessary. Prenatal education is needed. That is why you are told to listen to beautiful songs, see beautiful scenery, and have beautiful thoughts. Then it is good for the baby too. Do you understand that? "Yes."

Now, if we think about this, when the first ancestors of humanity were born, if God existed, and if God was in a position to give birth to beloved sons and daughters, what would God have been like? Let’s think about it. Would God have been angry, or would He have been thinking of beautiful things in a dream? Surely, He would have thought about the future, filled with hope, thinking of beautiful things. He would have looked at those babies with all that He could hear, see, and feel, in a very new dimension, beautifully, in dreams and hopes. Would He have thought of those babies as a burden? Would He have complained about the future babies? Of course not. Isn’t that right? The same goes for God.

Therefore, the baby growing in that environment would feel happiness, grow up in hope, and undoubtedly grow as an unchanging being in the future. If the ancestors of humanity grew up embraced by God like that, then humanity itself cannot help but wish for God to be happy and peaceful. Would God feel unhappy? Therefore, when we look at humanity, humanity wishes for God to always be beautiful and happy. This is the same as what the baby in the womb desires.

If we think about that, the absolute God, after creating Adam and Eve, would have been in infinite hope, infinite happiness, and dreams during the period they were growing up. This is, of course, a fact. It is the same. It is the same principle. It is the same as your own life in your mother’s womb. After that, our physical life begins. Now, what is different between our lives lived throughout our lives and the life in the womb? It is the same. It is the same as being nurtured in the universe.

Now, look. When you were in the womb, you lived in water. We are now living in air. It is just a higher dimension. What would happen without air? There would be no pressure. What would happen in a vacuum? The forms we have today would not be formed. In a vacuum, forms cannot be constituted.

12   Am I Truly Needed?
In that environment, you are all now sucking in what exists in the universe. It is the same. You are living by absorbing all the nutrients of the environment. You are growing. It is not different from the womb.

Therefore, I wish to live in this world and be happy. It is human nature to want to see, hear, think about, and do good things without being swayed by anything. It is our life’s desire to want to absorb all influences well. Isn’t that true? "Yes."

Therefore, when you see a person crying, do you want to see a smiling face or a crying face? You would say, "I want to see a smiling face." There is no need to ask. Do you prefer hope or despair? "Hope." You do not want hope to change. You do not want joy to change. However, you want despair to change quickly, and you want unpleasant things to change quickly. You want them to change quickly. Isn’t that so?

To Become a Necessary and Valuable Existence
So, what must we do to become a more necessary and valuable existence? We must become a being that can keep what should not change from changing. This is the problem. We do not want what is joyful and hopeful to change. We must be in an environment where that is possible. Isn’t that right? "Yes."

Now, if we narrow down that happy place where I want to be and where I want to keep unchanged, where does it lead us? Ultimately, it leads to human beings, to men and women. You all have parents, whether you are male or female. Then, is there anyone who wants changing parents? "No."

13
Is there no one who wants changing parents, even though Americans generally accept that mom and dad get married and divorced? Why do you say there are none? Even though it is common sense, don’t you still want that? "Yes." Therefore, the conclusion arises that we need to change this world quickly, to change it quickly. With what? With what does not change. When we think that way, we understand that parents should not change.

Moreover, when we talk about parents, parents are not just one man. Is there anyone who says, "I only like my mother, and I don’t need my father"? "No." There is none. It is absolute. It is absolute. It should not change. Also, what the unchanging parents possess should not change either. What is the most precious thing? Love can be the answer. Should a parent’s love change? Should it change after ten years? We wish it to be absolute. From birth until death, forever...

Now, is it true that a parent’s love for their child does not change? If that is the case, then that love is truly precious. We have now understood this. What do you think? Does it change? Can a parent’s love for their child change? "No." Do you know it does not change? "Yes." Then, what kind of person is someone who receives that unchanging parental love, who lives in that relative position? A needed person... Is that person a valuable existence or a worthless existence? That is the question.

If a parent’s love is absolute, then the son who receives that absolute love is the object of that love, and because that love cannot exist without sons and daughters, we must discover that he holds an equal value in front of that love and the value it possesses.
I was born as a target of such love, and considering that I am in a position where I must live that way, I am also an absolute value. No matter how much parental love there is, it cannot exist without children, because the more valuable parental love is established through children. 

We have now come to understand that children hold equal value to their parents. If there is someone who destroys that unchanging love, they would be an enemy of love, wouldn't they? "Yes." If you were to destroy your parents' love, what would happen? You would become their greatest enemy. Is that not the case? "It is." There is no doubt that you would be an enemy. So, have you thought about how miserable it is for parents to have to love children who are undoubtedly their enemies? 

In the world, if you have an enemy, you can ignore them, cut ties, and settle things, but with children, you cannot ignore them, cannot stop thinking about them, and even if you hate them, you cannot hate them. When you find yourself in such a position, is there any greater suffering than this? 

No matter how badly a child behaves in front of their parents, is there a parent who would stab their child with a knife and kill them, saying, "You are my enemy"? Is there a parent who treats their child like an enemy? Even when parents are on the verge of death, they forgive and bear the sins, trying to love their children. When we think of such parents, we must discover that I am great in the universe today and take pride in having something great. You must understand that while children may change, parents are in a position where they cannot change. 

When we consider which is of greater value, we must recognize here that parental love is more valuable than children's love. We must understand the greatness of having parents who are the subject of that unchanging love. Have you thought about that? Now, even young people in America are in a position to love their parents... When they realize that, they will love them even if they are told not to. Even if they are told not to establish a relationship, they will become one. Can you exchange that love for gold? Can you exchange it for diamonds? Do you think it can be exchanged? 

Therefore, in the relationship between the rich and the poor, money is not the issue, treasures, diamonds, and gold are not the issues. When the relationship between the rich is hurt, these things may not be the problem. We have now realized that it is such a noble position. So, from that perspective, when I ask if I am needed, I have realized that I am absolutely needed in front of my parents. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, we must now understand that I cannot change because of my parents. 

Next, where else am I needed? Look at yourselves now. You were born either as a man or a woman. So, what will happen? What will happen in the future? A woman must stretch out her hands to find something. A man must also stretch out his hands to find something. They are trying to catch a partner. 

Now, I want that, but do parents not want that? What about parents who are one with me? Is there a parent who does not want that? There is not a single parent who does not want that. Everyone wants it. From that perspective, it is certain that men and women must marry. Is there anyone here who does not want to get married? (Laughter) Yes, everyone wants to. Everyone must do it. 

So, why was a man born? To meet a woman. And why was a woman born? To meet a man. Therefore, when I look at myself, the reason my parents made me a man is to meet a woman... The motivation for my parents to give birth to me is there. It is the same. The reason they gave birth is ultimately to bring men and women together. So, both mothers and fathers, and everyone desires this. They want to get married. 

So, what does that mean? It means to become a mother and father. When you become a mother and father, what should you do? Why? Because you can love with unchanging love. Through the meeting of a man and a woman, you can finally discover and realize the unchanging love of parents, so parents cannot help but want that. Even though mothers and fathers may feel that when their children get married, they are leaving them, they want it because they can revive a deeper love of a higher dimension from that. It is possible because of marriage and giving birth to children. This love does not change. Do you understand? "Yes." 

In front of the unique, unchanging, and eternal parents, I am absolutely needed. Now, we must understand that human history has continued for millions of years. You must think about this. Who has led the development of human history? Ultimately, it is because of men and women, because of us. 

Whether our many ancestors came through winding paths or however they came (while writing), they all came through various paths, and here are some parents... Here are parents, and then I was born. Ultimately, who are we? Parents exist for me, to bear fruit for me, and these ancestors exist to bear fruit for our parents, and so on... The principle is that. Everything is mobilized for my sake. Everything is mobilized for my sake. 

So, that 'me' is a representative of humanity, a representative of the ancestors of this historical era. We can understand that value. No matter how many parents there are in the world, my parents are the one who is absolutely related to me in this historical era. This is an undeniable fact. You cannot exchange it for the entire world. Can you exchange it? Can you exchange it for God? You cannot exchange it even for God, and God cannot ask you to exchange it either. 

From that perspective, what does it mean to have one parent? It is absolute, unchangeable, and eternal, the one central existence. We have come to understand that such a being is a parent. Moreover, within that parent, there is an accumulation of unchanging love. 

Is a wrapping that contains diamonds or gold precious? Is it not precious? When a wrapping contains diamonds, it has the same value as diamonds. From that perspective, we have understood how precious parents are. We must recognize how precious parents themselves are, who possess unchanging love and love of infinite value. Have you thought about your parents like that? Here (while writing), the term unique, unique parents comes up. 

Parents are unique. Then, they are unchanging. They are eternal. All these concepts emerge from here. Parents are like that. Is that not so? Is it not true? Yes, it is. Can parents change? "No." We must understand that there has never been a revolution that changes parental love throughout history. Ultimately, no matter how many revolutions occur, this love cannot be revolutionized, so the origin of this love must eternally exist. Such parents, such parents who are the subject of love absolutely need me. They need me uniquely, unchangingly, and eternally. 

In front of the unique, unchanging, and eternal counterpart, I am absolutely needed. Now, (while writing) there is a mother and there is me. And my counterpart... When we look at the counterpart, there are men and women like this... Your parents want you to remain unchanged. Moreover, parents want your counterpart to remain unchanged as well. Is there a parent who wishes for change? Parents wish that their sons and daughters are unique, unchanging, and eternal, so they hope that the relative existence of these sons and daughters also becomes a unique existence, an unchanging existence, and an eternal existence. Do you understand? "Yes." This is something that both Eastern and Western people would agree on. Can you change that just because the East and West are different? Is there anyone who supports changing that? If there is, then that child should be beaten to death. Even so, you all wouldn't feel bad about that. 

Now, raise your hand if you want to get married twice. (Laughter) Why are you laughing? Why? Because it goes against this principle, it is naturally funny. Now, a husband is a unique existence, and a wife is also a unique existence, an unchanging existence, and an eternal existence, we have firmly understood this concept. Do you understand? "Yes." Now we have understood that. 

Then, let us think about this relative existence. I was born with great difficulty as a historical fruit, (while writing) where is the purpose of my existence? It is to meet a counterpart. I was born because of this counterpart, and vice versa. Do our ancestors wish for this to change? Do thousands of ancestors say, "You should become one well"? What do you think they wish for? Is there an ancestor who wishes for this to change, even in a dream? If there is a God above, what would God think? It is the same. 

When we think this way, even if I meet an undesirable counterpart, whether it is an Eastern person or a Western person, we must first understand that it is because of historical mission, because of the past, and because of historical connection that we have met. And we must realize that we met to finally graft all the connections of the universe's creation onto me. That is true. Men and women were originally created that way because all relative worlds are made that way. The universe was created as a world of relations, and it exists to bind together because of me. 

Ultimately, marriage represents the reunion of the universe, the reunion of the entire world of existence, and the reunion of the ideal world. Think about how much effort it took to meet that person. How many years did you spend to meet that person? How many years did you invest through history to meet that person? Can you feel bad about something that took a lifetime to build and change it in a day? It is a bond that cannot be separated even in death. Is that not so? Should it not be that way? We must understand that it is a bond that cannot be separated even in death. 

If I stand here as a representative as a man, did I become a representative by my own strength? I met like this because I was pushed by the power of the universe, so I cannot do anything about it with my own strength. This was achieved under a shared responsibility. 

When we consider the tremendous standards of the creative power of God, the power of history, the power of the present age, and the power of the future, how can we act as we please? Can you do that as you please? "No." When you think about that, marriage is terrifying. We must understand that it is both terrifying and infinitely valuable. God thinks that way too. When God thinks about marriage, He thinks like the teacher does. There is no other way. That is why it is the best. 

Then, what about you, the couples among yourselves? It is the same. What do couples unite around? It is not around man and woman. They unite around love. Do you understand? "Yes." Then, will you unite around changing love or unchanging love? "Unchanging love." Do young people in America feel the same? "Yes." Do women in America date dozens of partners from high school? Are they people who have succeeded or failed? Answer me. "They are people who have failed." The same goes for men. So, this must be changed quickly. We have understood that we must have a marital relationship based on unchanging love. 

Now, you all desire unique love for your husbands, unchanging love, and eternal love. Is there any change in this? If it becomes like this, (while writing) on the day this happens, parents will want this kind of love, and if God exists, He will want it too. There is no being that does not want it. If that happens, you will truly be happy. 

From that perspective, now, all of you who are not married, when you think of yourself as a man, or when you think of yourself as a woman, do you feel like you are a worthless existence? When you think of the eternal counterpart you will meet in the future, you must realize that you are an absolutely needed existence. Is that true or not? "It is true." 

Now we have understood how necessary I am. I cannot do it as I please. I cannot do it as I please. Then, whose will should I follow? If there are unfallen original parents, I should do as they say, and then I should do as my husband or wife says. It is simple. 

When thinking as a man, what should a man do? A man should do as his parents say, and then do as his wife says. 

Therefore, from a mission-oriented perspective, what is the first principle for humanity today? It is to do as parents say, and what is the second principle? It is to do as the wife says. It is not about doing as I please. It is not about doing as I please. I cannot do as I please. It is not possible. Can you do as you please here? There are parents and a wife, can you do as you please? "No." 

Therefore, what you must understand here is that parents are precious. You must understand that parents are precious. You must understand that your counterpart is universally precious. Then, who should you value more, your parents or your wife? (Laughs) Westerners say wife, Easterners say parents. That is why it would be a big problem if only Westerners existed. (Laughter) Because Easterners prioritize their parents over their wives, this works. They can combine. 

When we analyze and think from this principle, is the way of thinking of Westerners correct, or is the way of thinking of Easterners correct? Is it right to respect your wife, or is it right to respect your parents more than your wife? Let us conclude what is correct. Think about it. If you think from the perspective of prioritizing parents, you can automatically become one with your wife. (While writing) For me, I am one person, but my parents are two people. 

Now, let us think in a democratic way. So, even if I love my wife the same way, it becomes double here, even if I love the same way. Mother’s love...
I love my father and love is twofold. My wife is one. 
When you look at this, numerically this is two, and this is one. This is two 
and this is one. 
The same goes for viewing from the woman's side. (While writing) This is the woman's side, right? Here, the parents are two and here is one. So, parents and couples are 4 to 2. This always has a multiplier. Also, if we look at it from a principled perspective, parents are the roots, and couples are like the trunk. And children are like flowers or fruits. 
If there is a disease here, should we cut the trunk or cut the roots? No matter how much you cut the trunk, as long as the roots are alive, it will survive. That is why we must respect the roots. We must understand that the roots are the most important. If the roots are not diseased, they can revive again. (While writing) Now, God is the root and humans are the trunk. That is why if humans become like this, even if they are cut, they can revive anew. Even if you graft, as long as the roots are alive, it will survive; if the roots are diseased, it will not survive even if you graft… 
From this perspective, the way of thinking of Western people today, centered around the wife, is wrong. I and my wife should respect our parents in the same way. We should love them in the same way. Where does that love come from? It comes not from us, but from our parents. If you go up saying parents, parents, parents, it ultimately comes from the true God, the true Parent God. It is the same. That is why, above all, emphasizing the importance of God is the most theoretically valid statement when viewed from this principle. 
Therefore, to establish the love of parents and God's love, even if couples separate… the statement that we must establish the love of parents even if couples separate arises. Even if they cannot live together and are apart, they must be able to do this. It has come to the point where we must organize our way of thinking based on such principles. That means, even if we are fallen humans… we must return to God, even if the relationships between men and women are all separated. We must respect God. That is the Christian thought. 
The relative is absolutely necessary and good. 
From this principle, centered on God, we can understand the theoretical basis that we must sacrifice everything for God. In today's West, there are parents who, if their son-in-law is not good, tell their beloved daughter, “Hey, get a divorce,” to avoid making her suffer. Such things cannot exist. Parents must teach their daughters to conform and follow their husbands, even if they die. We have understood this. 
So, which is right…? Is the parent who says, “Even if you die, die for your husband in that house. Absolutely do not divorce,” the right parent, or the parent who says, “Hey! If you’re suffering, it’s okay to get a divorce,” the right parent? Which parent is the true parent? 
Everyone, think about that and establish it theoretically. We must measure it against such standards. 
Through the words of the teacher, we can now think that there must be such principled, universal standards. So, when we consider which way of thinking is principled among those who have lived in the Western civilization and those who have lived in the fallen world, the teacher's way of thinking is the principle, and if it can be in close proximity to what God thinks, it is natural to organize and arrange based on that. 
Then, can the Unification Church claim that we should not honor our parents? Can it say that divorce is okay? “No.” That is why once you are blessed, if you divorce, it is expulsion. It is the same as Adam and Eve being expelled from the Garden of Eden. Does this fit the theory or not? “It fits.” We must understand this. 
From this perspective, based on such a theory, when men and women meet in the future, who is it that needs me? It is me who is absolutely needed by the other. I have understood this. Is it good to have that other or not? Is it absolutely necessary and good? “It is absolutely necessary and good.” Therefore, I must understand that I am absolutely needed. I must recognize that I am absolutely needed in front of the other. 
It is like this now, but tomorrow will be like that. Those who grow up in such hope are the young men and women. So, even if you feel despair, you must think that you should try marriage once before feeling despair. You must meet your husband, meet your wife, and even if you feel despair, you must do it. (Laughter) 
That is why young men and women should not be in such a miserable position of despair. They must have hope. Everyone, you are quite interested in the spiritual world, right? You are curious about the spiritual world now… The spiritual world is wrapped in a world of mystery. That is why the spiritual world is great and good. Marriage is also mysterious in that way. Until you get married, it is mysterious. That is how it is. Is it ideal to think, “Oh, it’s nothing”? Is that ideal? The ideal is to think of marriage as something mysterious and then to do it. Do it that way. 
Eastern people love without anyone knowing, but Western people say, “What’s the big deal?” and play in parks. Which is principled? Which is more principled? If love is the most precious thing, can anyone just flaunt it like that? (Laughter) 
Do you wear diamonds or gold everywhere? Do you wear them openly? No, you hide them somewhere and love like this. The love that only the two know is greater and more magnificent. What do you want? You do not want a love that can be interfered with or influenced by anyone. You want a love that is unique, unchanging, and eternal. It is not because the teacher is an Eastern person that he thinks this way. When viewed from the perspective of universal principles, this is a valid position, and it is only because the Eastern way of thinking is closer to that. Do you understand? That is why I have understood that I am someone who is needed by the other. 
Loving among siblings is training to meet the ideal partner in the future. 
What comes next? Who is the closest person? There are siblings, brothers. (While writing) Can you change your siblings at will? Can you change them? “No, you cannot.” It is the same. It is unique, unchanging, and eternal. Ultimately, it is the same. I am not a being that is not needed. I am… in front of my siblings. It is the same. In such a relationship… how necessary is it? It is absolutely necessary. When it comes to siblings, you must understand that I am absolutely needed, even if the dimensions are different. 
Now, everyone, when your brother or sister is sick and lying down pitifully for their whole life, do you ever think about wanting to stab them with a knife and kill them? No, you do not. The more unfortunate they are, the more you shed tears and give true love from a position of caring for them. You cannot treat them as enemies or look down on them; we understand that the heart of true intention moves. 
The same goes for parents towards their children. Just like that, I know that I have the desire to do the same. Loving among siblings is thought of as training to meet the ideal partner in the future. Everyone, you know about men because you have an older brother; how would you know if you did not have one? You know about women because you have a younger sister. 
The mutual love among siblings supports the future ideal. All of it. The love among siblings supports the love between men and women, between couples, in the future. Also, if you look at it broadly, you receive training to love your parents there as well. Without that, there is no love that extends horizontally to the nation or the world. 
That is why siblings must become one. In front of parents, as long as parents do not fight, siblings should not fight either. You all have fought a lot among siblings, right? “Yes.” Children can fight, but it does not last long. That fight does not last long. Then, if siblings fight? It is hard to unite. It is hard to become one. 
That is why the teacher thinks that children fighting is to educate them not to fight. I think such play is to make them realize that fighting is not good for each other. Also, even if parents discipline their children, children forget it within the day. When you look at that, children will grow up… since they have not yet established themselves, they do not feel responsible for such things. Since they do not feel responsible… as they grow up, it becomes harmonious. 
Also, when children are young, as someone said, they like stimulating and somewhat changing things, so it seems that it would be boring if they do not fight. That is why I think it is okay to fight until the age of sixteen. It does not cause harm; it can bring them closer. When I think of myself, I also fought a lot with my older sister. That sister still remains the most memorable. 
So, if you can fight but not separate and can get closer, then that is a good thing. If you can get closer… if you can become one, then it is okay to fight even more. It is okay to fight among siblings if it leads to becoming one. (Laughter) The question is how to become one centered on love, but without love, nothing can be done. 
That is why siblings must become one. No matter how much they fight and stab each other, they cannot separate. Siblings cannot separate. Even though Cain killed Abel in the Adam family, it is the act of the younger brother Abel going to find Cain. It is a movement towards becoming one. It is nothing else. Even if the older brother cannot do it, the younger brother can. The younger brother is closer to the heavenly principle because he is trying to become one. That is why Abel receives the blessing. 
In the family, the center is the man, and the woman must absolutely conform to the man. When siblings become one like this, then they seek out the family. Siblings seek out the family. When it comes to family, the quality changes. There is someone who comes to marry here. Siblings are direct descendants, but when it comes to family, other people come to marry. So, what is different here? What does it mean that they must become one within the family? If different people from different bloodlines come in and cannot become one, that family cannot survive. 
It is quite interesting. In both Eastern and Western customs, the woman moves to the husband’s family, while the man does not move. It is the same in both East and West. Why is that? The woman is the field. She is not the center; if the man is the seed, the man is in a subjective position. The subject cannot move. The woman is in a relative position. You must understand that. 
The center must stand in one place. It can turn in all directions while standing in one place, but it must not be moved. If it is moved, what happens? The universe is said to be moved. 
From this principle, the woman going to the husband’s family follows the principle of heaven. That is why Western women must also conform to men. If a man is here in the east and moves to the west, the woman should not say, “Oh, come to the east,” but should follow and appear here. If he goes south, she must follow and stand in front of the south. If he goes north, she should not say, “I am from the east, so come here,” but should come and stand here. 
If the man is centered and moves but she does not follow, there will be no development. If she stays in one place, she cannot establish relationships in all directions. But if she centers on the woman and says, “Oh, follow the woman,” what happens? (Laughter) Therefore, Western women must absolutely support men in the future. 
You must understand this principle. The center must be one; if it is two, it will be a big problem. (While writing) Can the center be here one day, here another day, and here another day? That is a collapse. It will fall. That is why American families are collapsing. That conclusion arises. 
No matter how it is, if it is tilted to one side… (While writing) here it is two, but here it must become one. Here it is good. Here, you can assert yourself as much as you want. At the beginning, the positions were divided, but as you go up, you must become one. It must go like this and must remain here… This cannot split into two branches like this. It must not be the same. It must not be the same. Even if it becomes one, it must come here and become one like this. This is possible. Otherwise, it will split. Because there are two branches here and here, it is easy to completely split. However, if this becomes like this, it will not split. 
That is why Western women also, this Eastern teacher… even in making holes, even in breaking through hard walls, it must be like this; if it is like this, it will split, right? So, it must be one. At the forefront, it must become one. It is not because the teacher is an Eastern person. It is because the principle of heaven is like that, and because it follows the principle of heaven, the woman must follow the man. The family is also meant to become one. It is meant to follow the man. Do you understand, Western women? “Yes.” (Laughter) I am only asking the women. Therefore, you must understand that you must follow this principle. 
I am an absolute being that is needed even by heaven and God. 
From this perspective, I have now understood that parents need me, future husbands need me, wives need me, and then siblings need me. Then, I have understood that the family needs me. After that, the nation needs me. No matter how big America is, what can it do without its citizens? That is why the nation needs me. After that, the world needs me. Ultimately, what is needed? It is the spiritual world that is needed. Then, what is needed? It is God who is needed. 
That is why the most unchangeable and the most precious parents need me, and such a partner needs me, siblings need me, the family needs me, the nation needs me, the world needs me, the spiritual world and the entire universe need me, and even God needs me. So why would I not be needed?
reasons. Parents, then partners, then siblings, then family, country, world, spiritual world, God... 
Now, when you think, "Ah, I am a person who is not needed," you must understand that you are committing a crime against all of these. It is a crime against parents, a crime against future spouses, a crime against siblings, a crime against family, country, world, heaven and earth, and a crime against God. You are a being that is trying to violate the laws of love.
From this perspective, what kind of person is one who commits suicide? There are many people who commit suicide. Can that be justified? It is something that cannot even be thought of in dreams. Therefore, when facing difficulties in the environment...
When you are in hardship, think about this. History is a principle of rising and falling. Just because you have fallen to the deepest place, do not lose heart. There is hope for you. You can rise to a higher place. (Writing on the board) Look, Westerners, white people, how much they have... It turns upside down. It rises. It means that we have entered a stage where we can be equal.
What surprised me was the difference between when I came to America 9 years ago in 1965 and now. The changes have occurred quite rapidly. Isn't that true? Now, Western people are worried about things like "Yellow Power." Just because you were at the top does not mean you have to stay at the top alone. But that is not the case. It goes down. It means it goes down.
Countries like England have fallen to third-world status. Did England want that? Whether England wanted it or not, if there is a morning, there will be an evening. You must understand that. If England made mistakes in politics in the past, it will become isolated in front of humanity and the future era. The same goes for America; if it centers only on itself, it will become isolated. Such phenomena are emerging.
Now, as the waves come in, can you say, "Ah, I will not move"? Can you? A typhoon is coming... If you do that, you will either break or be uprooted. However, when going down, say, "Let’s go down," and when going up, say, "Ah, since we are here, let’s go up." If you understand this, you will not go bankrupt. To do that, you must know where the wind blows, the direction it is going... From that perspective, I believe the Unification Church is catching this direction more sensitively than any country or nation.
We should align ourselves with that. We should align ourselves with the future. It is not about aligning with the present, but aligning with tomorrow, with the future. So who will remain? Even if American ideology and world ideology collapse, we will remain. You will understand that.
From this perspective, you now know. You know what kind of being you are. You have realized that you are a necessary being, and you must have the conviction that you are indispensable.
From this perspective, because the fallen world has not established this principled world, we must completely overhaul it and establish a family system that creates this principled world. That is God's ideal today, Reverend Moon's ideal, and your ideal. Do you understand? "Yes."
Just as children should resemble their parents, we must resemble God.
Now, let’s conclude here. The Unification Church uses the term "True Parents." Do you fully welcome that? "Yes." Then, what will you become before those True Parents? "I will become their children." What kind of children? Bad children or good children? "Good children." Everyone wants to be good children. Then, what should true sons and daughters before the True Parents be like? They must be able to become like the True Parents. It is the same. Isn't it? "That's right." Do you have confidence that you can be like that? "Yes." You must resemble your parents. You must resemble your parents. Until now, you have said, "Ah, I am an American," but you are not just an American. You have said, "Ah, I am Korean," but you are not just Korean. You have said, "Ah, I am Japanese," but you are not just Japanese. You are "our people." (Applause) Therefore, your way of life must become similar, and your culture must become similar. This is a natural conclusion. If the teacher is an Eastern person, you will try to resemble Eastern people, and if the children are Westerners, the parents will try to resemble Westerners. That is the automatic principle.
Western people will try to resemble Eastern people, and if Eastern people become parents, and their children are Westerners, they will try to resemble those Western children. That is the original principle. Now, isn't everyone before the True Parents like that? Shouldn't we strive for unity? That is harmony. Then what will we do by mixing? We follow God, God. Both Eastern and Western people must resemble God. The teacher does not teach Eastern thought or Western thought; he teaches the thought of God. Therefore, if we only have the methods that God desires, both Eastern and Western people can become one.
So what is the problem? There is a problem. We must know what we need to transform. We must have the ability to digest everything in our lives. When in the West, we can sit on chairs, but when in the East, we must kneel or sit. We must train for that. That is why the Belvedere training center is good. Also, while here we may use cars, in the East we must walk. So we must also exercise to walk.
These days, older people are making golf courses... What are they making golf courses for? To exercise by walking. (Laughter) Therefore, all of that... Wherever you go in the world, you must have the confidence that you can adapt. You must have that mindset.
The true sons and daughters of True Parents must speak the language their parents used.
Next, the issue will be language. Since the teacher is speaking in Korean now, it is quite... What will happen if there is no translation in the future? Will you learn from me, or will I learn from you? "We must learn." Why? Why? Because if you learn the Korean that the teacher speaks, you can learn deeper things and acquire more valuable things through the teacher. That is precious above all else, so that conclusion must be reached.
In studying the Bible, Jesus studied all the Hebrew words that were used at that time because the words that were spoken then, the words that left those scriptures, are precious. If you look at Greek, if you think of the outbreak of the Renaissance, why do we study Greek thought? Why did Greek become the dominant language in the medieval period? Because several famous philosophers emerged who presented the direction humanity should take based on Greek philosophy, presenting valuable content. To follow that thought... Ultimately, the content is simple. In the future, in Unification Thought, the original language will be Korean.
Therefore, when there is a problem, when quoting, the original language becomes the issue. So important meetings in the future must be able to manage this direction, and the era of meetings using the original language will come. That is theoretically correct. So do you feel the necessity to learn Korean? "Yes." How much? "Very much." You must learn again. In the future, when you go to the spiritual world, you will speak Korean. (Laughter)
If the true sons and daughters of True Parents cannot speak the language their parents used, they are mute. They are mute. The world will flow in that direction.
Reverend Moon has come to Western society and has already made significant waves. This is a new threat to the religious world that has not existed in modern times, and you must understand that. That is indeed the case. You must understand that in the future, Korean will be included in the study of original languages. No matter how much you read something in English and say, "Ah," if the original Korean text says otherwise, it will all be replaced multiple times.
Therefore, what does not change is valuable. Isn't that right? "That's right." So we must study the original language in the future. Next, we must study the teacher. And then we must become the same person. Do you think you can become that? "I believe I can." Then the problem is significant. That means that what I have done in a year since coming to America, you can also do anywhere in the world in the future.
The teacher has faced only opposing winds throughout his life. He has come through storms and strong winds. He has been alone until now... Even now, he is alone. Can you do that too? Are you confident? "Yes." Yes? Then what, the teacher is unnecessary? The teacher can take a break. I would like to take a break. I would like to see the world... I have played during my youth, and now that I am old, if you can do my ideals, I would like that. Can you take responsibility for that? "Yes." Do you still need the teacher, or not? "We need you." (Laughter) So you are still children, children. Since you are children, you must be taught, and in teaching, there must be strict education according to principles. That is a principle.
Tiger cubs must be trained to be like tiger cubs.
Now, do you want to be a kitten or a tiger cub? "I want to be a tiger cub." A kitten must be trained like a kitten, and a tiger cub must be trained like a tiger cub. Therefore, you must think that everything is different. You must be dignified towards anyone. You must have majesty. Once you roar, the whole world... (Laughter)
Why do they oppose me in Korea? Because they are afraid. In Japan, they are afraid, and in America, they oppose me because they are afraid... Is that so? "Yes." If you were a kitten, they wouldn't even consider it a problem. (Laughter) So you must understand that. The stage is the world, and the world is the stage... So let’s try to shake the biggest country in the world, America. If we shake it, it will shake. Let’s try to shake the UN. Then it will shake. Isn't that so?
Let’s try to shake the communist world. It will shake, shake. Until now, Christianity has done the best among religions, but let’s try to shake that. It will shake, Christianity. Let’s also try to shake God. It will shake, it will come and go... That is not just a belief; it is knowledge. Therefore, the teacher is a problem wherever he goes. It is a problem wherever he goes. You must also be the same. You must become like that.
To manage the world, we need global citizens.
Seeing this, do you need me now or not? Do you truly need me? No matter how great the teacher is, do you need me or not? "We need you." How much? "Absolutely necessary." Absolutely! (Laughter) Therefore, we must understand that there can be no despair for us. There can be no hesitation. No matter how hard it gets, we cannot despair. The harder it gets, the more we realize we are needed... The more difficult the moment, the closer the parents stand, the more the siblings reach out, and we have realized that we can appreciate and digest that.
Therefore, we have discovered the way to digest even the difficult things with joy, so we have already concluded that there is no one who can defeat us. That is why I need white people. Why? Because we must manage Western people from now on. I need black people. Why? Because we must manage the world's black people from now on. I need yellow people. Why? Because we must manage Asians from now on.
So what are we trying to do? It is not to separate Western people, Asian people, and black people. It is necessary to create one. To create one here, we must establish a completely unified standard from the start; that is the teacher's thought. Therefore, the teacher thinks that in the future, we must live with people from about twelve countries.
Taking people from four or five countries of white nations, four or five countries of yellow nations, and three or four countries of black nations, we will live with twelve nations. That is something I have thought about until now and continue to think about. Then, those who say, "Ah, Reverend Moon is wrong because he is bringing black people to live together," I will push them away. Then, I will drive out the Western people by combining yellow and black people. Such thoughts should not be entertained by us Unification Church members. Would God say, "Ah, I love Western people, but I do not love yellow and black people"? "No." The poorer they are, the more the parents sympathize with them. Would you reject that parental love? That is the principle. It is principled love.
Let us become people that the world needs.
Therefore, the teacher intends to use all the resources of America for the poor black and underdeveloped nations. How will that be done? That is the education that God desires. Here, American people are worried because they are too fat. They are doing exercises to not eat, like dieting. So we must exercise to save the amount we do not eat to feed those who cannot eat in the future. We must do that exercise.
Our Unification Church must also go on a diet. If we diet one day a week, that means 52 days a year. If we do that, we will have to spend... One week of daily expenses is about 1 dollar, right? So we will have to spend 52 dollars every year.
We must gather that and do a movement to help the world. So we are doing a movement not to eat on Sunday mornings, but that is all training. Fasting is all training.
If there are one million Unification Church members in America, and if each person contributes 1 dollar, that is one million dollars. How much is 52 dollars? That is significant. We must prepare for that. We must think about such things for the world.
Think about what would happen if 200 million Americans all did such a thing. Just one day would amount to 220 million dollars. Just one day! So in a year, that means America could provide 5.2 billion dollars in aid to the world. Think about it. If we do not send that 5.2 billion dollars to other places but support one small underdeveloped country, we could make it a paradise.
Since World War II, America has been providing aid to various countries around the world. This year alone, it has provided nearly 2 billion dollars in aid to various countries abroad.
I did it for the country, but I wish I could have done it one country at a time... How many years has it been now? Since 1945, it’s been 20 years... If that had been done, 20 countries would have already become heaven. Those 20 countries would never separate from the United States, even if asked to do so.

Is there a friend of America that has been like that until now? Is there any country that is ready to dedicate everything for America? They are all opposing it. If the American people were to adopt the Unification Church ideology, I believe it would be no problem to unify the world. I think that would be easy, don’t you? “I think it’s easy.” Therefore, we need to move America, we need to.

Let me ask you one thing. Have you ever had any interest in America before joining the Unification Church? “No.” This is quite free... Looking at that, seeing how young people can evaluate America like this, and have such thoughts, we must recognize that this is adding to America.

And in front of such a Lord, who loves the people of that country more than anyone else, they want to be governed and to be one. Is that true? “Yes.” Therefore, in the future, America will... Because of us... This is a natural conclusion. Just wait and see. Just wait and see if that’s not the case. Even if we create a school, we will create a school that will not lose to any school in America. Even if we create a newspaper company, we will create a newspaper company that will not lose to anyone. Even if we create a church, we will create a church that will not fall behind anyone. In any field, we will create something that will not lose to the current America. Do you all think so? “Yes.” You are smart people, and seeing you say ‘yes’ means that is an undeniable conclusion.

Does a small number of people move America? That’s not even a dream. The world is turning as one person. It is turning from one person. Isn’t that a historical fact? From now on, America is turning. What do we see? When we see you turning... Then what will be there in the future that can turn the Unification Church members who have turned like this? If it can be turned, we must go that way from now on. Do you think there is such a way? “No.”

From that perspective, we must have righteousness, and in this wonderful era, I was born with such ideal church members, within the providence of heaven that is necessary and appropriate, and we must highly value being called for such a mission. Because of that country, America needs me, and I need America.

So, who will be the subject? Who will be the object? The one who needs more and can evaluate more value becomes the subject. What that means is that because we value America more than Americans do, it concludes that we become the subject.

Also, I see that there is no one in the world who has a correct view like us. That’s why we love the world. Also, we know that no one knows and evaluates the spirit world more certainly than we do. The same goes for God.

From that perspective, it concludes that there is no place in this world where we are not needed. Do you know that? “Yes.” Such a valuable existence, such a responsible existence should not be trivial. Therefore, the more I finish the work I am entrusted with quickly... The more I have the notion that I am needed not only for this work but for other works as well, the more you have this thought that I am needed in everything, the stronger you will become.

If Americans dislike this ideology, the uncivilized people, the people of Africa will like it. Therefore, there is a place to do this work anywhere. That’s how the teacher thinks. If whites and yellows oppose it, blacks will support it. There remains a foundation of hope to do this work anywhere. Even if all of humanity opposes it, the spirit world supports it.

Then what is a higher-dimensional world? Because that world is higher-dimensional than this world, we cannot be disheartened by opposition in this world. Even if the spirit world opposes me, and the earthly world opposes me, because God needs me, I must go toward God and cannot be disheartened. We must know that we cannot be disheartened until God says He dislikes me while I am doing what is needed before Him. It concludes that as long as God wishes for it, no matter how much the earthly world opposes, we cannot stop.

So, when thinking like that, what is complaint, what is anxiety, what is worry? If they oppose me in this region, I will go to another region, and if they oppose me in that other region, I will go to another region again, and if they oppose me in all regions, I will work for that country, and if they oppose me in that country, I will go to another country, and if they oppose me in another country, I will go toward the spirit world, and if they oppose me in the spirit world, I will go for God. How can I be disheartened, complain here, hesitate, and do such things?

Even if I try to find disheartenment, I should say I cannot find it. Have you all become like that? When you face the teacher, you grow more and more. As you speak, you grow more and more. You might think, “Oh, what will happen if I do this?” But that’s not true. It will come to an end. I will rest when I return to God. (Laughter) So, when it comes to whether to do this slowly or quickly, I see it as a principle to do it quickly, so this requires effort, adventure, and coercion.

Then let me ask you. Do you want to do this as quickly as possible and shorten the time, or do you want to do it slowly? Which is the common opinion? “We want to shorten it.” That’s the collective answer of everyone, including you, your fathers, and all beings in the universe. Therefore, we must shorten it as much as possible. So, the person who takes responsibility must make an effort. Making an effort is the principle. Making an effort is normal. This is how we form such answers.

Now, when you were pioneering the American West, if you told the driver to stop driving and fight with a gun, would they have said, “I’m the driver, so I don’t want to fight”? Then everyone would die. It’s the same logic. Therefore, we must think about such things. One person should think about being able to do the work of two people, and if possible, the work of ten people, or even a hundred people.

Women should also become more than men. Men should always go to the front line and become more than a master. When I say this, you might think, “Oh, the teacher is telling us to do something again.” You might think, “This person never ends.” (Laughter) “This person doesn’t know how to praise when things go well and just wants to take advantage of it.” Why is that? Because I know very well how great the damage is.

If we take the death rate among 3.6 billion people as one in a hundred, 36 million people die each year and go to hell. That’s going to hell, hell. This many people go to hell in a year. Now, considering that, do we need to sacrifice dozens, hundreds, or thousands of Unification Church members? “We must sacrifice them.” If it’s ten years, that’s 360 million, and if it’s a hundred years, everyone will die. In a hundred years, everyone will die.

Because of such results, when we see such results, we cannot be idle. History is hoping for us, the world is hoping for us to come quickly, and to liberate us quickly...

Aren’t you the same? Don’t you think, “If I had joined the Unification Church a little earlier...” Yes, you think it would have been better if you had joined the Unification Church a little earlier, right? “Yes.” The people of the world feel the same way. Those people might say, “We are also people who can believe in the Unification Church and go to heaven, but why haven’t the Unification Church members evangelized our people quickly, and why didn’t they let us know so that I ended up like this?” 

Wouldn’t God think like that too? God might think, “If only I had done a little more, I could have saved all these people. If Reverend Moon had taken that responsibility and done his utmost, it would have been good.” Shouldn’t we set conditions that allow us to say, “Ah, I did as much as I could”? Shouldn’t we be able to do that? Only then can I go before God and say, “These people worked hard...” and lead you all to good places. Have you ever thought about whether what God demands of me is the same as what I demand of you, or whether there is a difference? “No.” Even if I take on more burdens in between, you must understand that you are thinking of giving small commands to make it easier for you in front of such standards. Do you understand? “Yes.”

From that perspective, from now on, no matter how difficult it is, we cannot be disheartened. We must know that even in the most difficult situations, I am needed. So, we must think about completing this quickly and moving on to other places, other places... There is no time to get tired or worry or say, “Oh, this is hard.”

My responsibility is to unify the spirit world and the world and return to God.

Now I understand. Therefore, I truly need to be needed... The New York members must have the thought that “I cannot be absent in New York City.” Who is needed more than anyone? I must think that I am needed more than the mayor, more than the mayor. Think like that. I must recognize New York as my New York and think that I must improve it. After that, once I create the New York I desire, I must create the America I want based on that New York. This kind of thinking is normal thinking.

To do that, I must think that I can take responsibility for this country more than the President of the United States. Each of you must do that. A country with such citizens... Therefore, we must create this America to move the world, to make America that unifies the world. After unifying this world, we will unify the spirit world, and unifying the spirit world and the world, I will return to God. That is my responsibility. That is the responsibility I must fulfill. Can we go like that? “Yes.” Then, can we be disappointed when we have not yet found the world or reached the spirit world? 

When I came to America, I thought about what I would do when I see countless demonstrations opposing me right in front of my eyes. I think, “The people of America today may oppose me, but the people of tomorrow will not oppose me. I fight with that hope.” I have the conviction that “I will fight to leave a clean legacy for the future descendants, for the future American citizens who can care for me.” 

That’s why even when they oppose me during lectures, I just scoff. “Hmph, what about you... Just because you oppose me, Reverend Moon will retreat... That’s not true.” Even if I go to prison several times, even if I get dragged into the FBI and CIA, I will come out and continue to do it. I will keep doing it. The FBI opposes me, and the CIA opposes me, but I will break through. I will break through. I have already decided. I am a person who has made that decision and started. 

That’s why I even thought that I should experience American prisons once. I am not someone who tries to avoid that. Instead, I am confident based on justice, and I am dignified in the assurance of God. There is nothing to be afraid of, even in front of communists. Therefore, we cannot be disheartened or complain. We must know that I am always a needed person. I must feel that being needed is greater than complaint, that realizing, thinking, and feeling what is needed is greater than the pain of this environment.

Then, heaven will... God will. Because God is like that, such a person will surely be saved by heaven. Surely the spirit world will help. (Touching a family member) Even if this hurts, it must be expressed. It is because I am needed that this is so. (Laughter)

The conclusion about whether I am truly needed

Now, I understand. Now I have come to the conclusion about whether I am truly needed. I have reached a conclusion regarding that question. You must understand that you cannot complain about anything. If you become such a person, your parents will surely be sad, your future husband will be sad... If you become such a person, your parents will not like you, your husband will not want you, and they will not want to have such a person as a parent or a sibling. Therefore, even if I die, I must live as a needed person because I cannot do otherwise. This is a dignified conclusion that you must understand.

Can you become such a person? “Yes.” Now, knowing that, can you do it from now on? Can you? Raise your hand if you can do it. I believe you. 

From now on, I must engage in serious activities in New York, so I have internally decided to buy a house in New York. (Applause) To do that, what is needed? Money is needed. (Laughter) Through whom can money be gathered? It must be gathered through you, so it concludes that you are needed to gather money.

Can you gather money? “Yes.” By the end of December, I need to spend $300,000 and $240,000 for contracts, totaling $540,000. Right now, I have debts in New York, so I have no choice but to contact abroad and arrange emergency funds to borrow. Are you confident you can repay that? “Yes.” When? In how many months? “...” As short a period as possible... That’s how it is.

We have already decided to buy about 310 acres of land. We have already purchased this much land. This is a considerable amount of money. The price per acre is $50,000. We bought it at a lower price by negotiating. (Writing on the board) This is $20,000, and this is what we have contracted for $30,000, which was originally $50,000. (The following is directed to Japanese members)
themselves are not aware of the true nature of existence. They live in a world where they prioritize their own desires and needs over the well-being of others. This self-centeredness leads to conflict, suffering, and a lack of true fulfillment. 

In contrast, the principle of existing for the sake of others is the foundation of a harmonious and prosperous life. When individuals live with the mindset of serving and uplifting those around them, they create a positive cycle of love, support, and mutual growth. This is the essence of true happiness and the realization of ideals.

Furthermore, when we consider the teachings of various religions, they all emphasize the importance of selflessness and service to others. This is not merely a moral guideline but a fundamental truth about the nature of existence. The more we align ourselves with this principle, the closer we come to experiencing the divine and the true purpose of our lives.

In conclusion, we must recognize that our existence is not solely for our own benefit but for the greater good of humanity. By embracing this principle, we can transform our lives, our relationships, and ultimately, the world around us. Let us strive to live for the sake of others, for in doing so, we find our true selves and our place in the universe. Thank you.
When we think of 'love', we believe that love is our love, and when we think of 'ideal', we thought it was our ideal. Until now, we have thought that love comes from me and that ideals come from me. However, love comes through the other person, so love and ideals are more precious than life itself. Therefore, since the other person is the origin of these precious things, in order for us to inherit them, we must humbly bow our heads and stand in a position of serving. I hope that you will remember this principle of a thousand miles this evening.

Can there be love without the other person? Can we seek ideals without the other? These precious things, which are more valuable than life, come through the other person, so we must respect this value. Everyone, it is only in serving the other that we can unconditionally receive true love and ideals from that other.

When we exist for the sake of others, religious unity and the construction of an ideal world become possible. You may wonder, "What kind of person is Reverend Moon? Is he the founder of the Unification Church? What is that Unification Church? Many people have dreamed of such a thing, but how can a single Eastern person unify the church? Isn't there something a bit lacking in his head?" You might think so, but I know that when this principle is applied, it will surely happen. It is not a matter of belief, but of knowledge. (Applause) Thank you.

Whether it be Presbyterian, Methodist, Holiness, or any pastor of any church, we should love and serve our congregants more than they love and serve us. Here, unity will definitely be achieved. We know that this is an ironclad principle. If a pastor serves the church and the congregants serve the pastor, then the providence of salvation will simply be fulfilled.

Dear American citizens who love America, why is the black and white issue such a problem in America? It is because it violates this principle. The issues of family, marital relationships, societal problems, and all patriotism towards the nation are all entangled in this issue. Until this is corrected, I believe that the question of where America is headed will become a subject of controversy in the future. (Applause) Thank you.

I am one of the Eastern people, but I did not come to America to make money today. I have no honorable request to make of you. If we do not plant such thoughts in America, not only this democratic world but the entire world is in danger, and I hope you understand that I continue these activities despite criticism and various controversies. (Applause)

I know that the American people are a great people. In just 200 years, America has created a cultural world that does not exist in the world because it absorbs the intellects and talents of the world and the good things of the world. Therefore, if there is a nation that can quickly absorb such principles, it is the American people, and I believe that God has great expectations for the American people, which is why He sends people like us to convey such messages.

On that day, America will surely dominate the world. It is not just for America, but dreaming of an America for the world, and if we follow such principles, it will undoubtedly happen. I would like to conclude that we are advancing towards an ideal world through this principle. Due to time constraints...

Let us build the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth with the principle of existing for the sake of others. The husband exists for the wife, the wife exists for the husband, and the couple exists for the children. The family formed in this way exists for the tribe, the tribe exists for the nation, the nation exists for the world, the world exists for God, and finally, God exists for me and for us. (Applause) Thank you.

Moreover, what is mine becomes yours, what is mine becomes the family's, what is the family's becomes society's, what is society's becomes the nation's, what is the nation's becomes the world's, what is the world's becomes God's, and what is God's becomes mine.

When such a world is realized on Earth, that world will be the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth, where the eternal and unchanging love, ideals, happiness, and peace that humanity has longed for will eternally dwell. I am certain of this, and I hope that if you engage in even a single step towards this, it will greatly benefit this society or this country. I wish for blessings upon your families, your social lives, and your cities as I conclude my remarks. (Applause) Thank you.

**A New Future for Christianity**  
─ Chicago Message of the Day of Hope ─  
I sincerely thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for gathering here this evening. 

The citizens of Chicago have been quite disturbed by the sudden arrival of young men and women, and I believe they have been quite curious about what kind of group this is and who is leading it, namely Reverend Moon. Now that the person in question has appeared here, though not particularly handsome, I hope the good citizens of Chicago will evaluate him positively. (Applause) Thank you.

The title of my message that I would like to share with you this evening is "A New Future for Christianity." I would like to think about this title for a moment.

**The World God Intended and the Fallen World**  
Before entering into the message, I would like to sincerely ask you... What I am about to say is not what you have known until now. It is something from a new realm, and I am speaking not from my own words but based on the contents of the Bible. I would appreciate it if you could open your hearts and welcome this time together.

On November 12, 1974 (Tuesday), in Chicago (Illinois, USA), all Christians around the world must awaken and prepare to move into a new dimension of the world to welcome the Lord who is coming. Why is the Lord coming? We know that the Lord is coming to fulfill God's will. Therefore, we must clearly understand what God's will is.

God is unique and unchanging, so His will is undoubtedly a will that cannot change in the past, present, or future. God placed Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden and commanded them not to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. He warned them that they would surely die on the day they ate from it. If they did not eat from it, what would that mean? Conversely, it means they would live forever.

Therefore, we must clearly understand what the original world of God's will would have been if Adam and Eve had not eaten from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil and had not fallen. If Adam and Eve had not fallen, they would have grown as brothers and established the tradition of ideal brotherhood centered on God.

If Adam and Eve had given birth to a son and a daughter, what would God have done when they matured? God would have called them and personally conducted their wedding ceremony. If that had happened, the history of humanity today would have established the origin and tradition of true parents, good parents, and good ancestors centered on God. The children born from that couple centered on God would have been born in God's love, and because they were born from good parents, they would have been sinless children.

Now we must clearly understand what the world resulting from the fall is like. Because of the fall, our human ancestors came to regard Satan as their parent, as Jesus pointed out in John 8:44.

Therefore, the brothers under Satan became enemies to each other, establishing a tradition of brotherhood according to Satan's will, conducting weddings under Satan's dominion, and giving birth to sinful children as sinful couples.

Thus, Adam and Eve gave birth to sinful children from the position of enemies deceiving each other, and as those families expanded horizontally, they became tribes, and through mutual jealousy and division, nations of enemies and a world of enemies were formed. We cannot deny this fact.

Therefore, who governs the world we live in today? Jesus pointed out in the Bible that Satan governs it. In John 12:31, it is stated that the prince of this world is Satan.

Now, dear friends, the owner of this world created by God should be God, yet the fact that Satan has become the sovereign is something that Christians today must clearly recognize. God does not want Satan to be the sovereign, nor does He want a world governed by Satan, so all of this must be taken back. It is God's perspective that we must seize Satan's kingdom and destroy Satan's sovereignty.

**The Mission of the Israelite People and Judaism to Unite with the Messiah**  
A fallen person cannot find a way to salvation by themselves. There is no one who can save them except God, so God has set up His representative to send to save such people, and that person is the Messiah, whom Christianity believes to be the Lord.

If we send the Messiah into this world of Satan without any preparation or foundation, it is certain that the enemy Satan will capture and kill him, which is why religions have been established throughout history. Among those religions, a mainstream religion has been established to separate and divide from Satan and win over individuals, families, tribes, and nations, forming a national foundation where the Messiah can completely unite.

The foundation that has been prepared in this way is Israel, which means "he who has prevailed." (Applause) Thank you.

The name Israel... What does it mean? It means that they have prevailed against Satan. It means they have separated from Satan. They cannot be united with Satan. As the Israelite people have grown, they have been promised that they will send a Messiah who can lead them to form a nation stronger than the kingdom of Satan, which governs the world.

Thus, when the Messiah comes to the Israelite people, they must unite with the Messiah and become a stepping stone to fulfill the Messiah's will. This is the mission of the Israelite people.

**All Religious People Must Unite Around the One Messiah**  
Everyone, there can only be one Messiah, not two. There is one, just one. The Jewish people are also hoping for the Messiah. They have been hoping for the Messiah to come until now. Then, Christianity is also hoping for the Messiah to come. Today, the Unification Church is also preparing for the Messiah.

Without uniting many religions around the one purpose of the Messiah, we cannot reclaim this world from Satan and expel Satan's sovereignty. Therefore, religious people must understand that they must unite around the one Messiah. (Applause) Thank you.

Now, one thing you may be curious about is... Is Jesus, whom Christianity believes to be the Messiah, truly the Messiah? Christianity believes Jesus to be the Messiah, but Judaism does not believe him to be the Messiah. How can this be?

Now, the question arises as to how Reverend Moon of the Unification Church thinks about this. When I went to the spiritual world, I clearly understood that the Jesus whom Christianity believes in is indeed the Messiah. That Jesus is the Messiah that the Jewish people have longed for. This is something that the Jewish people have not known until now, and it must be recognized as a profoundly sorrowful matter for God. (Applause) Thank you.

From this perspective, Judaism, centered around the Messiah, is the eldest brother. Christianity is the second brother. And the Unification Church claims a new perspective on the Messiah, being like the third brother.

However, Jewish people are currently calling Reverend Moon anti-Semitic, and Christians are labeling him the anti-Christ, but that cannot be the case. It cannot be. (Applause) Thank you.

The time has come when Jews, Christians, and Unificationists must unite; it is a time when we cannot afford not to unite. This unity cannot be blind; it must be centered around God's will, clarifying history, and understanding how the present and future will unfold. Only then can we unite. Otherwise, it is only natural that we cannot unite.

Therefore, until now, the mission of religions has been to welcome the coming Messiah... Judaism is destined to welcome the returning Messiah as the first Messiah, Christianity is destined to welcome the returning Messiah, and the Unification Church is in the same destiny. Therefore, the question of how this Messiah will come and fulfill God's will is of utmost importance.

**If the Israelite People Had Welcomed Jesus**  
If the Israelite people had welcomed the Lord Jesus at his first coming, what would have happened? That would have been the end as the Messiah. If the nation of Israel had united with Jesus, they would have absorbed the Roman Empire, and the name Christianity would not have appeared today, nor would the term "second coming" have existed, and the world would have already returned to a state where God's will was fulfilled. (Applause) Thank you.

If that had happened, there would have been no history of Christian martyrs who shed blood for believing in Jesus. As citizens of a sovereign nation that could rule the world, who would kill them? Who would kill them? If they had welcomed Jesus 2,000 years ago, they would have created a unified world and absorbed the Roman Empire, moving Satan's kingdom to God's side and restoring the Roman Empire of Satan's sovereignty to God's sovereignty. If that had happened, God's will would have been fulfilled during Jesus' time, leading to the era of the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth. (Applause) Thank you.

If there are Jewish people here, I hope you will reflect on this with a proper attitude. I am not saying this to criticize Reverend Moon, but rather to acknowledge the sorrowful facts of history and to seek a way to unite by reflecting on the past.

If the Jewish people had welcomed the Messiah 2,000 years ago and moved in the direction of God's will, we cannot help but think of how many people would have been saved from being dragged into hell during the 2,000 years that have passed.

Before the countless people of history, the Jewish people opened the path of God's will...
because I couldn't open it when I should have, I believe it is not too late to repent and accept Jesus as the Messiah, knowing that we have lived as a miserable nation in history before the world’s humanity. (Applause) Thank you. 
The meaning of the Messiah and the mission of religious people is to save the world. 
I believe that when Jews and Christians unite, the United States, representing Christianity, has the responsibility to protect the nation of Israel. 
Who will work to seek such unity? Neither Christianity nor Judaism can do it themselves. We must unite here and prepare everything necessary to fulfill God's will, so that the Messiah can come and accomplish God's purpose. The purpose of the Messiah is to destroy Satan's sovereignty and turn the people of this satanic world into God's people, establishing the kingdom of heaven. I have clearly understood that this is the purpose of the Messiah. (Applause) Thank you.
Thus, when the Messiah comes, religions must unite around the Messiah and carry out a global march to fulfill the Messiah's purpose and turn the satanic world back to heaven. We must understand that this is the mission of Christianity.
What is the mission of religious people today? They must become collaborators in saving the world, which is God's will, rather than just seeking their own salvation. This is the mission of religious people and the mission of the earthly world, which we have not even considered today. (Applause) Thank you.
If we were to ask the Messiah Jesus, "Oh Jesus, do you want to be the Savior of only Christianity, or do you want to be the Savior of humanity?" He would answer that He wants to be the Savior of humanity. (Applause) Thank you. 
Furthermore, if we were to ask God, "God, do you want to be the God of only Christianity, or do you want to be the God of humanity?" we must understand that God would have to give the same answer. (Applause) Thank you.
Therefore, all of Christianity must unite to reclaim this world governed by the evil Satan and expel the sovereign Satan. We must understand that this is the mission of religion.
In John 3:16 of the Bible, it says that God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son, and it did not say that He was sent only for Christians or those who believe in Jesus. It says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish..." It says "whoever," not just "Christians."
From this perspective, the time has come to re-examine the faith of Christianity today. God's will is such that if one insists on traditionalism centered around their own denomination, that Christianity will be destroyed by God. (Applause) Thank you.
If Jesus were to appear in this world today and see that the church He established has split into over 400 denominations, fighting and opposing each other, would He be pleased? Would Jesus praise the leaders of Christianity?
That is why, since the end times have come, we must carry out a movement for unity. We must carry out a movement for unity. If there is one Messiah, we must prepare a form of one church on earth that can embrace one will and one purpose. Otherwise, it will be a big problem. Therefore, you must understand that the movement of the Unification Church to unite is necessary.
This does not mean establishing the Unification Church to destroy Christianity or Judaism. It means seeking a path to unite around the purpose and centered on God.
You must understand that the purpose of the providence of salvation was not originally part of God's will. This providence arose to save fallen humanity after the fall. We must separate from the satanic world and, through the intermediary realm, return to the original world of God's will. But since we cannot return, we need the Messiah to come again and guide us.
You have understood that the Messiah comes for God's will and now know what the purpose and mission of the church is. 
The Bible is a code that can only be deciphered through God.
Next, let’s examine what the Bible is. The Bible is meant to create intelligence agents and investigative teams in the satanic world. Why? Because it is a satanic world. God's people in the satanic world have appeared to destroy the satanic world, so Satan will inevitably try to kill them. That is a given.
Even if we look at the CIA in America, when there is intense opposition with the Soviet Union, if they send in an intelligence agent, the CIA director must be taught how to decode secret documents so that they can communicate. The only person who can decode those secret documents is the CIA director. It is the same here.
The Bible is the word of the agent sent by God, taught through parables and symbols, so it should not be interpreted literally. We must return to God and find a way to interpret it from Him. Otherwise, we must understand that we cannot fully interpret the Bible.
That is why the Bible does not say to study the scriptures at the end times; it warns to anoint the head with oil and enter the inner room to pray and draw near to heaven. God is a scientific God and a theoretical God. Therefore, if there is a way to interpret the Bible through heaven today, it must be a system of truth that can also be consistent in theoretical and scientific aspects. We must understand that such a thing is necessary. In that sense, we see that the teachings of the Unification Church are closely aligned with this intention. (Applause) Thank you.
What does this mean? We must understand that misinterpreting the Bible can ruin nations, the world, and God's will. 
Judaism, which believed the Bible literally, could not accept Jesus as the Messiah. 
From that perspective… then, the Messiah that Judaism hoped for and the Messiah that Christianity hoped for are the same. For 4,000 years, the Israelite nation, which God prepared, awaited the Messiah, but why could they not accept Him when He came before them? We must clearly understand this issue. We must recognize that Judaism could not accept Jesus as the Messiah because they believed the Bible literally.
Today, just as Christians believe that the Messiah will come riding on clouds, we must understand that Jewish believers also believed that the Messiah would come riding on clouds from heaven.
Now, let’s check whether that was the case or not. In Malachi 4:5, it says, "Before the great and terrible day of the Lord comes, I will send you the prophet Elijah, and he will turn the hearts of the fathers to their children and the hearts of the children to their fathers." Therefore, they knew that Elijah would be sent before the Messiah came.
So, who was Elijah? He was the one who rode in a chariot of fire and ascended into heaven 900 years before Jesus. God promised through the prophet Malachi that He would send Elijah before the Messiah came, so they expected Elijah to come first. If Elijah had come, Jesus would not have died.
How did the Jews of that time expect the Messiah to come? They believed He would come riding on clouds. In Daniel 7:13, it says, "One like a son of man coming with the clouds of heaven..." so they firmly believed that the Messiah would come on clouds. However, Jesus did not come on clouds, and since Elijah did not appear to testify that Jesus was the Messiah, it was only natural for them to believe that Jesus could not be the Messiah when viewed literally. It is only natural.
However, it was not only prophesied that He would come in that manner; it was also said that He would be born as a human. In Isaiah chapters 9, 11, and 60, it was stated that the Messiah would surely appear in glory as a human.
Did the ignorance of the Jewish people lead to the death of Jesus? 
Let’s check whether that was a problem or not through the Bible. Through the words of Jesus, it is clearly revealed that this was indeed the case. In Matthew 17:10 and following, it says, "The disciples asked Him, 'Why then do the scribes say that Elijah must come first?' Jesus replied, 'Elijah does come, and he will restore all things. But I tell you that Elijah has already come, and they did not recognize him...'" This indicates that Elijah had indeed come.
Was John the Baptist Elijah? This is like saying that if Elijah had not come, and Jesus appeared, it would be the same as saying that today’s global Christian leader, Billy Graham, is Elijah. (Laughter. Applause) It is not something to laugh about; we must realize that due to historical circumstances like this, the Messiah sent by heaven was killed.
Now, let’s look at what Apostle John said. In 2 John 7, it states that at that time, the Jews believed that the Messiah would come on clouds, and they killed Jesus and even opposed His disciples. Apostle John pointed out and condemned them by saying, "For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who do not confess the coming of Jesus Christ in the flesh. Such a one is the deceiver and the antichrist." This shows that the Jews at that time firmly believed that the Messiah would come on clouds.
So, does that mean Jesus was not the Messiah? We must understand that Jesus was born through the womb of Mary but was indeed the Messiah. Why could they not accept Jesus as the Messiah? Because they were ignorant; they did not know. If they had known that He was the Messiah, could the Israelite nation, which had prayed and awaited the Messiah for 4,000 years, kill Him? It was due to their ignorance.
Is that really the case? You see, everyone believes Apostle Paul to be the most important apostle in Christianity, but did Apostle Paul initially believe Jesus was the Messiah? On his way to Damascus to arrest and kill Christians, he had a spiritual encounter with heaven and suddenly turned around, beginning to believe that Jesus was the Messiah. Today, Christians should believe the words of Apostle Paul. (Applause) It was ignorance that killed Him. Ignorance. We must understand that it was ignorance. Even the Roman governor tried to save Jesus, but the chosen people of Israel and the Jews prepared for the Messiah shouted, "Crucify Him! Crucify Him!"
We must understand that the Messiah, sent as God's only begotten Son, was condemned before the Israelite nation, before His own people, as the prince of Beelzebub, the king of Satan. The Jews killed Jesus and then prayed to God, saying, "We have captured this enemy, who is ruining Your denomination and Your nation, and has become the prince of Satan. We have been faithful before Your will." We must realize how absurd this is. (Applause) 
Because of not being one with Jesus, John the Baptist could not fulfill his mission.
God is a meticulous God, and because there was a possibility that the Israelite nation could act this way, we must understand that He prepared John the Baptist to defend against this. When John the Baptist was baptizing by the Jordan River, he testified about Jesus, saying, "Behold, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world," and testified that He was the Messiah. At that time, the Jews recognized John the Baptist as a prophet and were united, so if they had united with Jesus after John the Baptist testified about Him, there would have been a way for Jesus not to die.
The people of Israel could not accept Jesus because they believed the Bible literally, but John the Baptist, who testified about Jesus as the Messiah, should have been willing to die for the Messiah. So, did John the Baptist truly believe in Jesus? When he became imprisoned due to the affair involving Herodias, he sent two disciples to ask, "Are you the one who is to come, or shall we look for another?" (Matthew 11:3). From this question, did he believe or not? He believed.
When Jesus heard this, He was in a lonely place, opposing the entire nation and church, but He knew that only John the Baptist would believe in Him. However, seeing that the prophet sent by heaven ended up like this was indeed a shocking fact. Therefore, Jesus lamented in Matthew 11:6, saying, "Blessed is the one who is not offended by me." He pointed out that someone had indeed been offended. Then, He sarcastically asked His disciples, "What did you go out to see? A man dressed in soft clothing? Behold, those who wear soft clothing are in kings' houses."
Then, when we go down to verse 11, we see that Jesus, being astonished, lamented over John the Baptist, saying, "Truly, I say to you, among those born of women there has arisen no one greater than John the Baptist. Yet the one who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." He made a sarcastic remark. We must now clearly understand the true meaning of this content.
Now, let’s check whether this is indeed the case or not in verse 13. He pointed out that "From the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven has suffered violence, and the violent take it by force." He concluded and made a determination regarding the competition between Jesus and John the Baptist.
If John the Baptist had strived, what would have happened? John the Baptist would have become the chief disciple, and his disciples would have become the 12 apostles, the 70 disciples, and the 120 disciples. If that had happened, the entire high class of Judaism would have had a foundation to unite with Jesus, and Jesus would not have died.
Do you think it is God's will that the one who came as the prince of heaven should have disciples who are ignorant fishermen, tax collectors, and prostitutes? Is that God's will? Is that? It is like saying that today’s famous leaders of Christianity, such as the Pope of Rome or Billy Graham, should be... (The recording briefly stops)
Today, we Christians believe John the Baptist to be a humble and great prophet, but we must recognize that this is at odds with the truth. When John's disciples came to him and said, "Rabbi, he who was with you across the Jordan, to whom you bore witness, look, he is baptizing, and all are going to him," John 3:30 says that John the Baptist replied, "He must increase, but I must decrease." Christians have taken this to call him "a humble and great prophet." However, we must understand that this statement indicates he stood in an opposing position.
Is that possible? If he had been in harmony with Jesus, when Jesus increased, John the Baptist would also increase; only if Jesus failed would John the Baptist also fail. The opposite phenomenon would occur.
Can you do it? You must understand that this is evidence of not following Jesus.  
(Applause) Thank you.  
Jesus had to carry out the secondary providence due to the disbelief of Judaism and John the Baptist.  
Even if the nation opposes and the church opposes, He prepared John the Baptist so that God's will could be inherited. However, since even John the Baptist did not believe in Jesus, Jesus needed a foundation. In order for God to crush the nation of Satan, which has a foundation of 4,000 years, and to destroy Satan's sovereignty, there must be a strong foundation of a nation. Without that, the mission of the Messiah cannot be fulfilled. However, when God saw this foundationless Messiah, He could not fulfill His original intention regarding Jesus, which is why we must understand here that He had no choice but to plan a secondary providence.  
We must recognize here that the sudden event occurred because the Jewish church and John the Baptist did not believe. If we look at Luke 9:30 in the Bible, it says that Moses and Elijah appeared in glory and spoke about how Jesus would soon return to Jerusalem. We must understand that the decision for the crucifixion was made on the Mount of Transfiguration.  
Until now, Christians have believed that Jesus came to die, but after listening to Reverend Moon today, we see that there are historical contents hidden that should not have led to death. This is something they never even dreamed of. (Applause) Thank you.  
Until now, Christians have seen in Matthew 16:23 that when Jesus spoke of going up to Jerusalem, His beloved disciple Peter told Him not to say such things, and at that time, Jesus pointed out and said, "Get behind me, Satan." Seeing that He attacked even His beloved disciple by calling him Satan shows that Jesus came to die. However, it was because they opposed it that He said that. But we must understand that by that time, He had already decided to go to the cross on the Mount of Transfiguration.  
If Jesus had not died... Jesus, centering on spirit and flesh, was supposed to establish both the earthly kingdom and the heavenly kingdom at once, destroy the nation of Satan, and break down Satan's kingship, but without a national foundation, He could not achieve that. Therefore, it was God's will that at least a spiritual foundation must remain, and He opened a way to leave behind a standard for a spiritual nation, and this is what we must recognize as Christianity. (Applause) Thank you.  
Everyone, if you delve into the contents of the Bible, there are many things that are hard to understand, but if you think of Jesus as someone who would not die, you can understand the content of His prayer in the Garden of Gethsemane, where He said three times, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not my will, but yours be done."  
If dying were the original mission, He should have said, "Oh, my time has come, and the time to fulfill God's will has arrived," and offered a prayer of gratitude. However, seeing that He prayed like this, we must recognize that there were aspects where Jesus' will diverged from God's will. Today, Christians think that this is because Jesus had flesh and thought about the pain of death... Not at all.  
If He did not go to the cross, the nation of Israel would not fall, Judaism would not perish, and then Christianity would not have emerged, and there would have been no history of Christians shedding blood for 2,000 years. However, if He died, the nation would perish, Judaism would be miserable, and Christianity would go through a history of shedding blood. We must understand that He prayed with such a historical background in mind.  
Yet Christians never even dreamed of such things. They never even thought of it. Is Reverend Moon a heretic for saying this? Can this be heresy? Whether viewed from God's will or Jesus' heart, this is the truth. Then what right does Reverend Moon have to say such things? I have met Jesus, I have met John the Baptist, and I have searched the scriptures, and it is undoubtedly true.  
As you believe, if Jesus came to die, then for 4,000 years, God did not prepare the Israelite people for nothing... If He wanted to kill Him, He could have sent Him to a Gentile and killed Him right away, but He prepared the Israelite people for 4,000 years. Is Christianity also preparing to capture and kill the Lord who is to come? Do not say nonsensical things. (Applause) Thank you.  
Christianity is the same. Who is theoretical? Go on a global broadcast and ask whether the Christianity that has blindly believed until now is right or whether Reverend Moon is right. (Applause)  
If He came to die, then Judas Iscariot, who handed Him over to be killed on the cross, should be praised and rewarded, but instead, He said, "It would have been better if you had not been born." If he had not been born, who would have killed Him? It is all contradictory.  
When Jesus was dying on the cross, He said, "Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?" which means, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" How will you interpret this? "If I do not die on the cross, when I return to God, I will eliminate the sovereignty of Satan in this world, expel Satan, and take humanity back with me. However, since I cannot fulfill that mission by dying on the cross, how can I return to God?" That is what He meant. He also knew that if He died, difficult matters would remain for the second coming. He must come again, He must come again.  
Today, Christians say, "It is finished by His death on the cross. The will has been fulfilled." However, that does not mean that the first providence, the foundation of flesh and spirit, has fulfilled the will of the earthly kingdom and the heavenly kingdom. It means that through the cross, God has fulfilled the way to enter the spiritual heavenly world, and we must understand this.  
Today's Christianity is a religion of resurrection that has only achieved spiritual salvation.  
Today, Christianity must recognize that it does not have any foundation centered on the church with an earthly nation like the Jews who once looked to Jesus. (Applause) Thank you.  
So, has America become a representative nation of Christianity that can inherit the sovereignty of the coming Messiah like the nation of Israel? There is no physical foundation, no foundation.  
Let’s find out whether that is true or not. Everyone, the time when Jesus was to die on the cross is the moment when Judaism, the nation of Israel, John the Baptist's group, and the twelve apostles all lost everything. The thief on His right side was also in the position of dying. He died and entered paradise spiritually. We must recognize that this was the time when the way of spiritual salvation was opened.  
Today, Christianity did not start from the cross. Christianity did not begin at the cross. Christianity emerged after Jesus' resurrection, 40 days later. This is unrelated to the cross and is related to the resurrection, so Christianity is a religion of resurrection, a religion of resurrection. It is not a religion of the cross. We must understand that it started spiritually.  
Originally, God's will is not to create a spiritual world. Since Satan is still the ruler of this nation and this world, and since it has become a world ruled by Satan, this cannot be left as it is. Therefore, there is a responsibility to break this down and return to the original world of God's will, which is why the Messiah must come again.  
Everyone, can the coming Messiah save this world by riding on clouds? In Matthew 16:19, when Jesus ascended, He gave the keys to the kingdom of heaven to His beloved disciple Peter, saying, "Whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven." Looking at this word, since the fall occurred on earth, it must be resolved on earth. The problem is on earth, not in the spiritual realm. Therefore, the Lord must come to earth. He must come to earth. (Applause) Thank you.  
The biblical basis that the coming Lord cannot come on clouds  
Today, Christians say that the coming Lord will come on clouds. They believe that. However, we must understand that the Bible has made dual prophecies. It is the same in the Old Testament and in this era. The reason for the dual prophecies is that we cannot trust humans. At one time, they believed in God, but they could enter the world of Satan and ruin God, and while following Satan, they could betray Satan and come to God's side to ruin Satan. Because we cannot trust humans, we had to make dual prophecies.  
Now, if He comes on clouds, it contradicts the words Jesus spoke to His disciples just before He was to die on the cross.  
If we look at Luke 17:22 and following, it says, "The time will come when you will long to see one of the days of the Son of Man, but you will not see it... But first, He must suffer many things and be rejected by this generation. It will be just like it was in the days of Noah." This speaks of the historical repetition that will occur.  
Who opposes the Lord coming on clouds? Who causes suffering? This is not Reverend Moon's words; it is what Jesus said just before He left with the cross before Him. (Applause) This is serious. "Is there such a word in the Bible?" You would think so. Yes, there is. Yes, there is. There is definitely. You must understand that if He comes as a person, it will be like this.  
The God that the Jews believed in and the God that today's Christians believe in is the same. If it is prophesied to the Jews in that way, what if it is fulfilled in the same way for today's Christians? What alternatives do you have for that? If He comes that way, the Roman Pope or Christians will try to capture and kill the heretical leader. It will be the same. It will be exactly like that, exactly like that.  
If we look at Luke 18:8... If He comes on clouds, this verse will not be fulfilled. "When the Son of Man comes, will He find faith on the earth?" This means that there will be no believers, and there will not even be a trace of faith or belief, just like there were none when Jesus came in the Old Testament.  
If He comes as a person, will they believe? Was there even one person among the Jews who had prepared for 4,000 years to welcome the Messiah who believed in Jesus? Was there even one disciple? It is the same. It is the same. Because Elijah did not come, and because He did not come on clouds, they could not believe.  
And also, if we look at Matthew 7:21 and following, it says, "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father who is in heaven." We must understand the will of the Father well. We must know what the Father's will is. "On that day many will say to me, 'Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and in your name drive out demons and perform many miracles?' Then I will tell them plainly, 'I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!'" (Matt 7:22-24) Can this happen? If He comes on clouds, can this happen?  
If He comes as a person, just as Jesus had a 30-year preparation period, He will grow up unnoticed and will appear and speak new words. People believe He will come on clouds, but if He appears as a person and claims to be the Lord, they will do all sorts of things to Him. However, this time, the coming Lord will not die and will surely appear in glory to fulfill His will. If such things can happen at that time, it is only natural. Then, everyone, when considering whether the Lord will come on clouds or as a person, will the will be fulfilled if He comes on clouds?  
What is the fall? It is the loss of God's beloved sons and daughters. Therefore, we must find the sons and daughters. We must find the sons and daughters. Since Satan took Adam and Eve away, we must bring them back. Humanity's true parents have emerged, so unless we create humanity's true ancestors, even though Satan married humans 6,000 years ago, God must find humans to marry again at some point after 6,000 years, or else there will be no way for God's will to be fulfilled.  
Fortunately, what is the conclusion at the very end of the Bible? It is that there will be a wedding feast of the Lamb. It ends with the bridegroom Messiah coming and receiving the bride. (Applause) Thank you. Thus, centered on God’s original will, we must establish the tradition of good brothers centered on God, the tradition of good parents centered on God, and the tradition of good couples centered on God, giving birth to sinless sons and daughters, and based on this, we must organize sinless tribes, nations, and the world, and carry out the work of grafting them all together to return to the kingdom of heaven, to the world of the original will. We must understand that this is the history of restoration, the history of restoration.  
Therefore, in 1 Corinthians 15:45, it points out that Jesus came as the second Adam, the latter Adam, and that is the truth. It is the truth. The first Adam brought in Satan, but the second Adam must expel Satan. It is restoration, restoration. Only then will God be victorious. We must expel Satan, we must expel Satan. (Applause) Thank you.  
Thus, we must organize tribes, nations, and states centered on one God, and Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church must unite and organize this. All religions must become one. (Applause) Thank you.  
Everyone, the title "The New Future of Christianity" that is posted here reflects the future that Christianity has longed for until now... It was believed that the heavens would change, stars would fall, and the sun and moon would lose their light and disappear, but not at all. If that day were to come, it would mean that God lost to Satan. This world will not disappear. We must create the earthly kingdom that God originally intended. (Applause) Thank you.  
As Christianity has hoped for 2,000 years, the Lord will not return on clouds, but because the first providence failed and the second providence could not be completed, the conclusion is that He must come as a person for the third time, which is reasonable when compared and examined through the principles, and it is also true from the perspective of God's will that without this, completion cannot occur. This is only natural. (Applause) Thank you. Thus, we must become one nation on earth, one. Without distinction between white, black, and yellow, we must become one. We must become one brotherhood to form one direct lineage of God, one nation, and one world, so that one kingdom of heaven can be established on earth. We must understand this. (Applause) Thank you.  
Reverend Moon has faced opposition for 30 years centered on this issue... If heaven had not been with him, he would have already perished. He could have perished, but he has not, and until today... The fact that such issues have been presented in America for a year is not something Reverend Moon has done, but something God has worked behind the scenes. (Applause)  
Therefore, just because what you have known until now is different does not mean you should make hasty judgments.
do not stop but quietly pray, receiving guidance from heaven, and we must participate in finding our earthly paradise, our original homeland, Eden. Knowing this, I have spoken to you today with this title, and I sincerely hope that while you pray in the future, you will become citizens of that nation. I would like to conclude my remarks. (Applause) Thank you. *

4)
Message for the 15th Children's Day
<Prayer> Beloved Father, today is November 14, 1974, the 1st day of the 10th lunar month, and we are grateful to celebrate the 15th Children's Day here in Belvedere. Facing the providential significance of concluding the three-year course in America, we gather on this occasion to mark the last Children's Day of the second seven-year course. We ask for Your presence here before Your children from around the world, and as we think of the historical moment where Korea, Japan, and America unite to bring about a total restoration, we earnestly hope and wish for You to be the Master, the center, and the guiding force to bring about this entire history of total restoration.

When we think of the sorrowful and unjust historical course, we acknowledge the heavenly sorrow that cannot be expressed in words, and we recall once again that the martyrdom and misery of the historical children have left a deep sorrow on the earth. We, gathered here, wish to become one in heart and become offerings of living sacrifices before You, fulfilling our historical mission as the chosen people in the end.

We ask that the Korean family gathering for this day, the worldwide unification groups, Your children scattered across America, and the international mobilization members heading towards Seattle be embraced by You, Father, and that You grant them blessings on this day, allowing them to be a group without shame before the glorious heaven.

Father, we know that You are aware of the intense process we are going through as we conclude the second seven-year course and transition into the third seven-year course. In this three-year course, we have shaken the land of America. Please take responsibility for this. The path of suffering must not remain, and as we anxiously embrace You and hurriedly follow where You call us, we realize that we have done nothing but cause You trouble. When we reflect on this, we feel once again that we can only bow our heads in repentance with all our hearts.

When we think that the responsibility to restore this world, which has become a battleground, lies with us, we feel the compassion of heaven. The painful tasks of restoration left behind… We, who are foolishly entrusted with the world’s providence, ask that You allow us to inherit the true parents’ connection and true tradition that heaven wishes to leave on this earth, establishing it to unite all nations into one country and one world.

We are looking at the peaks of sorrow and pain from the first and second seven-year courses and are now gazing at the peak of the third seven-year course. As we think that the year is next year, we earnestly ask that You guide us powerfully into the third seven-year course of freedom, where we can joyfully embrace liberation after overcoming all the struggles and sorrowful twists.

May the hearts of Your children gathered here become one and may this time be an opportunity to immerse ourselves in Your high and holy heart, becoming living sacrifices that comply with the heavenly principles. We earnestly ask that this day be one where we can dedicate our lives entirely before You and establish a foundation that allows us to remain.

Please remember the hearts of all gathered here and establish a connection of blessings. We earnestly ask that this entire time and this day be accepted as a glorious and joyful day, and we offer all these words in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

<Words> Today is November 14, 1974, which is also the 1st day of the 10th lunar month. As we know, it is the 15th Children's Day. Therefore, I would like to begin by talking about what Children's Day means.

The original world is a world that receives the dominion of love from God. If humanity's ancestors had not fallen, they would have grown up and, centered on God's love, would have been blessed through a marriage ceremony, making this world a place of good parents, good children, and good creation. Indeed, it would have become a world ruled by God as King.

Now, if we stand in that position, centered on God's love, God is the subject of love, and the tradition of God's love, which is the subject, would have continued from God to Adam and Eve, and through their children, it would have returned to heaven through the love connections of all humanity. This was the original ideal world of God. In other words, God's love would have been bound to the family of Adam, that is, the couple of Adam and Eve, and that couple's love would have been bound to their children, and that love would have been bound to all people, and the love that connects all people would have been bound to all creation, forming a world of love.

If that had happened, the world governed by God's love would have become the highest ideal world, unlike the world of Satan today. Living under dominion would have been the highest ideal.

Until now, in this world, what has happened under dominion? Everything has been taken away through dominion. It has been plundered. However, the more God governs, the more He can give everything through love, so being under dominion means having the expectation of happiness. Therefore, we must understand that today’s world is different.

That ideal world was completely destroyed due to the fall. Originally, if humanity had not fallen, they would have lived in the heart of God's love, in love, under God's dominion, and in the authority that God personally protects. However, due to the fall, it has become the complete opposite. Internally and externally, everything is not for one's own joy but has become a tool for Satan, standing in opposition to the original will of heaven and the nature of humanity. This is the fall, and we must understand the misery of the fallen world.

God's providence to save fallen humanity
God cannot leave these fallen, miserable humans as they are, so it is impossible to bring them back to the original world. Therefore, He intervenes again and begins the providence of salvation. This is not done blindly. It follows principles and the principles of creation. We know that the history of restoration is the history of re-creation.

From this perspective, since Adam was created first as a standard, God must set that standard and go through the process of re-creating Adam.

The master of fallen humanity is Satan. Satan has become the enemy of God, and humanity, who are God's sons and daughters, has fallen into a miserable position, oppressed before the enemy Satan.

Because of this position… Originally, what kind of being is Satan? He was a being who was a servant before God. Humanity has completely fallen into a position of being dominated by the servant Satan, so we must understand that humans are in a position of being the servant of a servant.

It is not possible for God to command and save humanity that is in a position like that of a servant of an enemy. To save humans in a position like that of a servant of Satan, there must be an internal education to raise them up and help them escape that environment. For this, God must stand in the position of a servant of a servant and become the one responsible for guiding and teaching them.

When we think of this historical process, we see that while Satan, who has become the master of this universe and has violated all ideals, is detestable, the humans who are dominated by him are originally in the position of Your sons and daughters, so God has a compassionate heart that cannot hate them. It is essential to understand that this movement is the beginning of the providence of salvation.

Now, considering this, we see that this is the loss of God's authority and the loss of God's ideals. Not only that, but God's love has also been lost. Furthermore, Satan has even caused the death of God's sons and daughters. In this way, everything has been lost.

The culprit behind this is Satan, and when we think that the humans are the ones who have caused this, we must understand how miserable and difficult it is for God to carry out the providence of salvation with a heart of love.

The Israelite nation prepared as the Cain of heaven and Jesus
Since then, in the historical age, God has been educating this group of servants of servants, and it is through their unity and victory over Satan that the position of the servants of heaven could finally be restored. You must understand that this is the case. This is why, representing humanity in the historical course, Jacob, a wise man, fought and won against Satan, and as a result, the name Israel was established on this earth, allowing them to enter a period where they could restore the lost standard of the servant.

This era continues from Jacob to Jesus, which is the historical age of the Old Testament.

Now, if the Israelite chosen people are in a position like that of a victorious servant, who are the Israelite chosen people? This is not the Cain who killed Abel, but it is the Cain who did not kill his brother. Do you understand what that means? Understanding this is essential for the story to unfold better. The position of Cain who killed his brother is that of a servant of Satan, but the position of Cain who did not kill his brother is that of the archangel on heaven's side. Do you understand? “Yes.” The Israelite nation should be in such a position. Therefore, whenever an Abel-like being appears, day or night, throughout history, they are a people who can unite with that Abel-like being. In other words, they have laid the foundation for the Cain and Abel of heaven to unite.

Such training was centered around the tribe of Levi… The Israelite nation and Judaism united, and within Judaism, they were bound together in the form of Cain and Abel centered around the tribe of Levi. While undergoing such training, they prepared for the coming of the Messiah. The Messiah comes as the global Abel representing the nation, so when the national basis for restoring the history of Cain killing Abel is completed, the Messiah will come with the content of parents. That person was Jesus.

The nation of Judah and the Jews, the nation of Judah and the priests, that is, the nation of Judah and Judaism became a national foundation that could unify the history of Cain and Abel, allowing Jesus to stand in the position of True Parents… In the history of restoration, parents emerge after the brothers have united. The national basis of Judaism and the Israelite nation became one, and through the restoration of Cain, the Judaism and priests became one, allowing the Messiah to manifest on that national foundation. That person was Jesus. Do you understand that point? “Yes.”

If the Israelite nation and the Messiah had united, they would have completed the national basis that had been divided in the Garden of Eden centered on Adam, and the Messiah would have been able to manifest with the form of parents, establishing a new family and simultaneously manifesting globally. However, since the Israelite nation could not unite with Jesus… From a principled perspective, if there is no foundation for the unity of Cain and Abel, there cannot be parents.

Thus, ultimately, because they were divided again, everything prepared for 4,000 years centered on the Israelite nation has passed over to the side of Satan. They have become Cain on the side of Satan. Standing in opposition to Abel, they have become Cain on the side of Satan, opposing the heavenly parents.

Therefore, Jesus alone stood for the Israelite chosen people, and there was no other way for Jesus alone to represent heaven. His body represents the nation of Israel, and His spirit represents heaven.

However, because Satan led the nation of Israel away, he claims, “Shouldn’t your body, which represents the nation, belong to me?” He argues that “Without giving me your body, there is no way to connect the traditional basis of the nation of Israel established over 4,000 years.” This is theoretically valid. He argues that without restoring this, no new spiritual relationship can remain. Because of this, God, knowing this, could not help but offer the body of Jesus as a condition for restoration.

The beginning of Christianity started from the spiritual resurrection of Jesus
After Satan killed Jesus… Although Satan exercised authority and struck Jesus’ body, God exercised authority and resurrected Jesus. Through this spiritual resurrection, the beginning of Christianity was established. Today, Christianity claims that salvation comes through the cross, but that is not true. Everything was lost at the cross. They lost the body of Jesus, lost the nation of Israel, lost Judaism, and lost everything. That place was where even the thief on the right was dying, and where even the twelve disciples betrayed Him. There was no source for the beginning of Christianity.

Why is that? Because the history of salvation… The fall was caused by the parents, Adam and Eve, so the history of salvation cannot be without the standard of parents. However, was there a parent because of the burden of the cross? After Jesus resurrected, fifty days later, the Holy Spirit descended, and thus, the spiritual mother descended. Here, Jesus is the spiritual father, and the Holy Spirit is the spiritual mother. Because of the manifestation of this spiritual mother, spiritual parents were finally born, making it possible to have a spiritual sister through the connection of parents within the realm of resurrection. Therefore, this became the goal of faith in Christianity and the standard of salvation.

That is why Christianity says that without receiving the Holy Spirit, one cannot be resurrected. However, this speaks of the history of re-creation, which states that life cannot emerge without going through the mother. Today, Christianity does not know this. Do you understand? “Yes.” It must be theoretically correct. It fits theoretically. Therefore, Christianity… Since the day of Pentecost, the history of the providence of salvation has developed horizontally.

Thus, centered on spiritual parents, God has expanded this horizontally to the global foundation, preparing for the day of the Second Advent. If He had not died, not only would there have been spiritual parents, but also physical parents would have emerged, creating a nation and realizing a global earthly paradise. However, due to death, He could not complete the connection with physical parents and only left the connection with spiritual parents, which became the history of Christianity. (The recording briefly cuts off) 

This must happen according to the principle, so the Second Advent must come on the clouds.
You must absolutely understand that God's will will not be fulfilled. Only then will the theory be correct. Today is the last Children's Day of the second seven-year course, so the teacher will speak about certain things. You who are present here should realize that you are attending a historically happy gathering.

So what is the difference between Christianity and our Unification Church? They are quite similar. If you look closely, they are similar. What is different? No matter how well you believe in Christianity, you can only become a spiritual child. However, only we, the Unification Church, prepare to serve parents who embody both spirit and flesh, which allows us to become complete sons and daughters centered on spirit and flesh. This is the difference. Therefore, you must understand that Christianity, which is focused on spiritual salvation, can only be adopted children.

To become God's sons and daughters, one must be born on the foundation of the completion of both spirit and flesh. This is the principle of creation; only the members of the Unification Church, who wish to be born following the bloodline of parents centered on spirit and flesh, can become God's direct descendants. (Applause) Do you understand that? "Yes." The historical era has changed.

However, there is a problem. According to the principle, without inheriting the spiritual standard, the physical standard cannot emerge. In other words, just as the body came forth through God's spirit, without inheriting the content of spiritual standards in Christianity, centered on Jesus, the physical content cannot emerge. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

The coming Lord must inherit from Jesus and the Holy Spirit. Then, you must understand what kind of person the coming Lord will be. That person must inherit from the spiritual Jesus and the Holy Spirit. There must be a historical event similar to how Jesus underwent a physical inheritance ceremony from John the Baptist. Spiritually, John the Baptist was identified by Jesus as the fruit of the Old Testament.

In other words, to rise from the position of a servant to the position of an adopted child in the Kingdom of Heaven, this inheritance must occur. Without that, there is no way to ascend. From a principled perspective, if John the Baptist had completely united with Jesus, what would have happened? He would not have died. Why? Because spirit and flesh would have become one. Ultimately, he stands on the foundation united with Cain, who represents the Old Testament, and thus would not die. He would be able to return again. However, even John the Baptist... Therefore, to achieve even spiritual salvation...

For this reason, the coming Lord must inherit not only from Jesus and the Holy Spirit but also the entire spiritual realm. The process of receiving that inheritance is simple. The inheritance ceremony is simple.

To perform that inheritance ceremony, what must be done? One must stand on a foundation that has triumphed over all spiritual realms; otherwise, one cannot receive the inheritance. Just as Jesus, after being tested by Satan for 40 days, achieved victory and started the spiritual inheritance foundation, you must also establish a victorious foundation in a struggle similar to that which you cannot even imagine. We must clearly understand this historical fact.

All people who have come and gone throughout history are now in the spiritual realm. All representatives who upheld the providence are there as well. All evil spirits that opposed God's will are centered around Satan, but all good spirits that sided with God are always hindered because they have not achieved victory at some point. They are always divided into groups by fields and cannot communicate with each other.

In other words, even if there are faithful servants among the servants in the spiritual world, they can only move within the realm of the servants and cannot ascend to the position of a son. Even if there are faithful servants among the servants, they cannot ascend to the position of an adopted child, and even within the realm of adopted children, they cannot freely move about. They are all separated.

Why is that? Because there is no place to connect the foundation of victory on earth. This situation arose because Adam and Eve made mistakes, and the one who comes as the Messiah must correct the mistakes of Adam and Eve. Therefore, the Messiah, standing in the position of parents, must rectify things from the spiritual world. This is a logically sound conclusion.

In other words, without completely paving the way from the position of a servant to the position of a servant, the position of an adopted child, and the position of direct descendants, one cannot establish the foundation of parents on earth. Therefore, unless a unified foundation in the spiritual world is established, it cannot be done. After spiritually unifying everything and establishing the foundation that Jesus could not pave, only then can one qualify to inherit the works after Jesus. 

Thus, the spiritual world’s unified form is finally formed. Consequently, regardless of whether it is Confucianism or Buddhism, they all converge into a unified realm. On the foundation of a comprehensive victory that can finally organize the entire spiritual world, which has been divided throughout history, you must understand that the one who receives the inheritance from Jesus and comes to earth with God's blessing is the returning Lord. It is through one ceremony that the inheritance is received, and at the same time, God's blessing is received. It is a privileged blessing from God.

Then what kind of blessing is God's blessing? "Because you have completed the unification of the spiritual world, you must now bear the responsibility for the unification of the earthly world." This is the mission that is blessed to come to earth. If the coming Lord is born as a person, can such an inheritance ceremony take place in the womb? Could it be done with a ten-year-old child? At the age of 15 or 16, which is the same age as Adam at the time of the fall, one must engage in such a struggle and establish a foundation of victory beyond the age of 20. The Messiah must unify the spiritual and physical worlds and govern Satan.

Then, can there be many Messiahs in the world? "No." There is only one person, one person! Whether it is the Messiah believed in by Judaism, the Messiah believed in by Christianity, or the one believed to come from Buddhism or Confucianism, they are all the same person. They all claim to return, but it is one person. To organize that, the representative of the servants on earth must also become the foundation of the Messiah, the representative of the servants must also become the foundation of the Messiah, the representative of the adopted children must also become the foundation of the Messiah, and since there must also be a counterpart woman, women must also become representatives in that position. Therefore, there are many people who claim to be the best in the position of representing the Messiah. Just like in the Old Testament and the New Testament, there are people who come to prepare on this earth, standing in the position of substitution, saying, "Ah, I am the Lord."

Now, if we look at it from a principled perspective, rebirth, growth, completion... The words that the Lord will say upon arrival and the words that the adopted child will say are the same, because the adopted child is also in the position of Jesus. Then, when viewed from the position of the adopted child, the servant is connected to the adopted child. The adopted child is one step above the servant. The bloodline is different. Thus, the teachings of the servant, the adopted child, and the direct descendants are all the same. They are the same. Jesus and the returning Lord are the same. They are both inside and outside. If you understand this principle, all religions in the world will be resolved.

Then what is the central religion of the world to welcome the global Messiah? It is Christianity. The returning Lord must come centered on this Christianity. All of Christianity around the world is one. It is seen as one. It is not two; it is one.

God looks upon what is closest to Him in heaven, not what is farthest away. Therefore, centered on that Christianity, a form of Christianity that prepares to welcome the Messiah, who comes like John the Baptist, will appear. You must understand that he does not come with a great foundation but as one person. That is an unbelievable fact.

When the young people of the Unification Church in America join, did they come in saying, "Hey, I am John the Baptist. I am the Messiah"? "No." They came in through the truth, through the truth. Otherwise, you would not have come in. You all came in because of the truth. Therefore, no matter how much one claims to be the Messiah, they cannot become the Messiah. There must be substance. Do you all want to become the Messiah?

The Messiah must be able to win first place in theoretical competitions. And one must unify the spiritual realm. Not only must one unify the spiritual realm, but one must also be able to unify the earthly realm. And one must govern Satan. To do that, one must be able to confront the historical fact of why Satan emerged, saying, "You committed such sins, and are you not such a person?" before God, the fair judge, so that Satan cannot move. When that happens, just as a sinner cannot move before the prosecutor, everything will be caught. Thus, the Messiah is the representative who can finally bring Satan to God's court. (Applause)

So, from what position should the Unification Church originally have started? It should have started as a unified church. It should have started on the foundation of a united Christianity. Has that happened? "No." Why? Because the founder of the Unification Church is evil and incompetent? "No." It is because Christianity could not take responsibility; it is because Christianity did not know...

Think about what would have happened if Christianity had upheld it. American Christianity is not needed. Since the teacher was born in Korea, only the Christianity of Korea, which represents the nation of Israel, the Third Israel, needs to unite. Korea did not have a nation at that time, but from there, it finally had a nation and emerged anew in this world. The United States, Britain, and France liberated it. During World War II, right? The Allied Forces...

What is America? It is an Adam-type nation. It is an external Adam-type nation. Why? Because America came out of Britain. Britain gave birth to America. Then why is Britain the mother, the Eve-type? Because, from the perspective of land, island nations are naturally drawn to land and continents. Ultimately, Western civilization developed from Britain to the world, but how did an island nation gain the authority to dominate the world? It was symbolically shown through the national form that a woman who could give birth to God's sons and daughters would first be born with authority on this earth.

They say that when a queen emerges in Britain, the country does well, right? During the time of Queen Elizabeth, it expanded significantly worldwide. However, now during the queen's time, it has declined. It is because it could not take responsibility... Just as Britain gave birth to America, the returning Lord will come through a woman but must come in the position of Adam, so He must govern the woman. Therefore, Britain is currently in a position of being dominated by America. Through the historical process of 210 years, it is being restored in 21 years...

Then what kind of country is France? The people of France embody a combination of Western and Asian people. Look at their faces; they look like that. That is the case. And the people of France always seem to be moving back and forth. From this perspective, France is an archangel-type nation. Currently, the countries that are most problematic centered around communism are France and Italy. During World War II, heaven's side was united with the US, Britain, and France, while Satan's side was united with Germany, Japan, and Italy. Germany is masculine, and Japan is feminine. It is interesting to see that. Germany belongs to the continent, Japan is an island nation, and Italy is a peninsula nation. That form is also correct. The people of Italy are sea-type, so they have artistic talents and tend to dream and dislike work. They are similar to France. (Laughter) These are all Satan's side nations. 

Hitler emerged from Germany and proclaimed, "I am the sun." In Japan, the emperor emerged and declared, "I am a divine being." Then he claimed to unify the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, causing problems throughout Greater East Asia. In this way, Japan swept through Asia, and in Europe, Germany teamed up with Italy and caused chaos.

However, interestingly, there were no dictators on the side of the Allies proclaiming, "Ah, I am the sun. I am the best." This must be so because they must prepare for the coming Lord. And they must be centered around the foundation of Christianity. The three countries on Satan's side and the three countries on heaven's side clashed, and through the protection of the three countries on heaven's side, they transitioned into a new historical era.

You see, why can the Lord come from Korea? Korea is in a hostile relationship with the Eve nation of the Satanic world. It must win against the opposing woman that comes forth through a woman. Thus, it must emerge from that...

Who must do that? The fallen world representative, the Adam nation, the Eve nation, and the archangel nation must unite and cooperate, and only then can the Messiah manifest and transcend the national foundation to enter a new historical era. In other words, because the Adam, Eve, and archangel nations can stand on a national foundation, they can make a global start.

Historical Background of the Korean War in Terms of Providence
Throughout history, there has been a time when the entire Western civilization mobilized for a march, and that was during the Korean War when the UN forces were deployed. This was the first time. It was a matter concerning Korea. The conflict between North and South Korea was like a civil war within one nation.

If Korea had accepted the Unification Church, would the Korean War have occurred? It would not have happened. So why was there no reason for it to happen? Listen to my words. At that time, Korean Christianity was fully supported by America. And Korea's independence was also achieved under the protection of the Allied Forces, so America and Korea, the Allied Forces and Korea, were automatically in a position to connect.

If Korean Christianity had completely united with the Unification Church before Korea's independence, the teacher would not be holding gatherings like Madison Square Garden now; it would have spread globally starting from Korea at that time. The Messiah starts from a global stage, so if that had happened, it could have started when the global foundation was established. In three years, all national standards would have been completely organized.

And in the seven-year course, the world would have completely paved the way. The fact that Korea declared the establishment of a government just three years after liberation also had that meaning. The Korean War of June 25, 1950, was a struggle that occurred during a seven-year process. Why was that? It was because, due to Christianity's failure to uphold it, a foundation was opened for Satan to invade. Ultimately, from 1950 onwards, the division of the Korean War has extended, leading the world situation into a history of destruction. Eisenhower made a big mistake at that time. He should not have agreed to an armistice. The teacher actually discussed this with him. Such a historical era is turning due to one person, one person.
If at that time, Korean Christians had been able to support Reverend Moon and act freely, there would have been no problem for the United States. If they had laid the foundation in Korea and then come to America, there would have been no issues for the U.S. Therefore, Christianity was in a position to accept Abel from a Cain-like perspective. From the viewpoint of world Christianity, Korean Christianity is Abel, and from the perspective of Korean Christianity, the Unification Church is the new Abel. However, the fact that Korean Christianity ultimately opposed the Unification Church is akin to Cain striking Abel. Korean Christianity has turned to the side of Satan, to the side of Satan.

Now, what happens as a result? Being dragged by Satan, what can we do? Even Reverend Moon himself cannot do anything. Thus, two enemies have arisen: the communist world and Christianity. The communist world is emerging. If the communist world had not been able to establish a foothold in Korea, it would not have gained such power. At that time, communism would have melted away completely in my hands.

Looking at the era around the 1960s, when America was strongly opposing communism, if our ideology could have harmonized with America, under the guidance of the leader, communism would have been completely... At that time, there were no atomic bombs or anything. If General MacArthur had acted as he suggested, it would have been over by June 1952. It would have ended just seven years after liberation. General MacArthur would have made a global contribution for Korea seven years after 1945, but... While President Truman did well to send UN troops during the Korean War, he made a historical mistake.

If the Unification Church had been accepted in Korea, I would have reached out to America, advising them centered on God's will, paving the way to move immediately in front of a country that dislikes fighting. However, we missed the timing and entered into a historical situation like this.

So, what happened to the Unification Church? It was inevitably dragged by Satan. Because Jesus was dragged... To fulfill the responsibility of finding Jesus' body, it had to be dragged by the communist party, which is representative of the satanic world. To find the body of Jesus taken by Satan, one must enter the satanic world. It is necessary to establish a history of struggle for six years in the communist world. Thus, we entered the communist party for six years. Among the communists, the most brutal was Kim Il-sung of North Korea. Even Kim Il-sung calls himself a father, right? That was a false imitation made by something that was called by Heaven to stand in place of humanity's parents.

With that, the leader eventually ended up in North Korea and spent three years in prison. Almost three years, two years and eight months... He had to fight and win to come out.

You see, when the North Korean regime sent people to labor camps, it was to send them to die. They sent them to die. For three years, I fought from the very bottom and managed to reach a position where I could receive recognition from them. I even rose to a position where the prison warden could praise and promote me.

After laying such a foundation, eventually, the UN troops entered Pyongyang, and it was through those UN troops that liberation occurred. Ultimately, that was all to bring out the leader.

You see, God's providence is all about the providence of restoration through indemnity. As soon as the Korean War broke out, the communists mobilized all the prisoners in the labor camps. They mobilized everyone to be shot at the front lines. At that time, an order was given to nearly a thousand prisoners in Hungnam Prison to march 120 ri and assemble. The higher-ups issued a mobilization order to send us to the front lines, and we received that order. However, three days later, another order was issued from the center to cancel that mobilization. So we returned. But three days after returning, another order was issued again. It was an assembly order. At that time, only the leader was left behind.

From this, we can see that history is made for one person. As I spent three years in prison, what did I do? Jesus lost all twelve disciples in prison, so I had to restore that by centering on the leader and having more than twelve people... That had to be done in prison. 

Now, we Unification Church members need to understand where the standard is to inherit a traditional ideology. The foundation of the leader and the twelve people united in Hungnam Prison must remain as the traditional foundation of the Unification Church today.

If there is time, it would be good to talk more, but let’s just briefly mention it. The leader was in one room, and in another room, there were more than twelve people, nearly thirty people... All more than twelve people lived in different cells. When the order for release was given, they would all line up within fifteen minutes. At that time, since they would come out to use the restroom, if they all went together, the place would be packed. So, if they all sat in one cell, the guards were waiting, so they couldn't go anywhere. They couldn't cross the boundary. For those in the prison, meeting the leader was the most glorious event of the day, the path of life. Therefore, they would crawl forward, bowing down in front of the guards. If they were caught, they would be beaten with the butt of a gun and have to spend one to three weeks in solitary confinement. Planning an escape would lead to severe consequences if caught three times. It became a complicated issue.

Even in such circumstances, they regarded meeting the leader and greeting him as the glory of the day, and if they had food, they would bring it to the leader and share it, considering it an honor. Because they had to undergo inspections, they would come out with their pants down, doing such things. They had to undergo inspections every day, so they couldn't bring anything out. You must understand that such emotional bonds remain as a historical tradition behind the scenes that you may not be aware of.

The members in Korea also had such times, where they united with one another. That is why our members feel a sense of emptiness if they do not meet three people several times a day; that has become a tradition. Do you all feel the same? Yes. We must overcome that.

Have you ever cried because you had something good to eat but couldn't bring it to the leader? Have you ever cried because you had something good to wear but couldn't bring it to the leader? Have you ever cried because you wanted to host the leader in the room where you live but couldn't?

Why must it be like that? Because humans, expelled from the Garden of Eden in tears, must return to find their parents while shedding tears. Without that, they cannot meet their parents. Our Unification Church must overcome such emotional hills, and we have done so. Do you all agree? Yes.

Because the leader faced opposition from Christianity in Korea and entered North Korea, the path of suffering began from there, and we must recognize that various side effects and slanders regarding the Unification Church originated from that time.

The Mission of the Bride in the Era of Restoration through Indemnity
The leader's wedding took place before liberation. It was done by Heaven's command. You all know that the person is the mother of Seong-jin. This is already known, but we must clarify and move forward. She had a strong Christian faith... She was a representative of faith. From that perspective, she represented the world while also representing the nation, not as a male John the Baptist, but as a woman who had to fulfill the mission of John the Baptist.

What is the mission of Christianity? It is to present the bride and connect the bride before Heaven, so from that perspective, there is significance. At that time, Seong-jin's mother had even experienced imprisonment over the issue of shrine worship. She was a woman who had been sought after. She was a virgin. She had only completed elementary school and had no more than seven or eight years of education. So she was a person who met the leader within the will of Heaven. Now, then...

A woman must follow her husband. During the engagement, I told Seong-jin's mother that even if we lived apart for six or seven years, she should overcome that and follow her husband. That was the promise we made when we got engaged. Now, you all here... If you have sons and daughters, you should not prioritize them; rather, you must connect the church foundation within God's will so that all your sons and daughters can live. In such an environment, if Christianity had accepted it, it would have simply organized from families to tribes and nations. Thus, Heaven prepared a good environment to connect Christianity from the family foundation.

In the spirit world, much was taught to Seong-jin's mother, which she should have believed... She tried to believe it, but who made it impossible for her to believe? Her brother and mother began to oppose. That brother believed in the established church that had practiced shrine worship, while the mother and daughter believed in the Reconstruction Church. That is Cain and Abel. Those who believed in the Reconstruction Church were the ones who did not practice shrine worship.

From this perspective, looking at the Korean church, the brother is the rebirth, the mother is the growth stage, and Seong-jin's mother is the completion, thus they are all connected. If we include Seong-jin's mother, she belongs to me, so it becomes rebirth, growth, and completion. Until now, both the first person, Seong-jin's mother, and the current mother had the idea that the Lord would come on the clouds. If I had taught Seong-jin's mother all the words I am sharing with you now, she would have believed immediately. She would have believed right away. However, it was not meant to be taught that way. Why? Because if Seong-jin's mother had stood in the position of a mother on the foundation of all Christianity, that would have been possible. However, because she could not stand on the foundation representing all of Christianity, I could not teach her until the entire foundation was laid. So I told her not to say anything and just believe and follow, but since her husband, the leader, was going in a completely different direction from her faith, no matter how much she looked, she could not follow, so she consulted with her mother.

Because the man in the Garden of Eden fell completely under the dominion of the woman, this time, the woman had to establish a foundation to unconditionally submit to and obey the man. Without that, restoration could not happen. Such a seven-year process... 

Thus, she conspired with her mother, saying, "Ah, the Lord coming as a person is the Antichrist." In the end, just as John the Baptist could not believe what was taught from Heaven and could not follow Jesus, the leader met a woman who represented Christianity in the providence, but that woman failed to fulfill the mission of the bride in the era of restoration through indemnity, which she should have upheld beyond John the Baptist. This is where the problem began.

The time has come, and it is necessary to start, but the opposing environmental conditions began to widen. 

The Tragic Consequence of a Woman's Unbelief in the Providence
If I go out and speak, intelligent people and those who believe well gather in the history of Heaven, so the established church feels threatened by the Unification Church leader. Ultimately, the wife should have united with the leader, but the established church began to be used in opposing the Unification Church. As a result, the church faction and the leader found themselves in a completely opposing position, and the beginning of life in the North was ultimately motivated by a woman in the family. The opposition began from a few people in the established church centered around that woman and her family.

Thus, after six years of separation, they met again. They came down from the North and met again. They met Seong-jin's mother. So even now, I told her to listen to my words and follow this will, but she still opposed.

Coming down from the North, it was necessary to find individuals, families, tribes, and nations, and to do this new work. Everything had to be developed, but they were in a fate where they had to start anew in a form completely separated from Christianity. Therefore, because Christianity opposed from that time, it was necessary to establish a foundation that could replace Christianity. Thus, starting from the individual, expanding to the family, tribe, and nation, there was no other way to develop into the world. If this could not be done, it meant that one would have to die like Jesus.

Thus, until 1960, for fourteen years, this movement to reabsorb was carried out. So, after coming down to the South, for seven years, operations regarding Christianity were conducted, and a fusion project to develop the Unification Church was undertaken. Among those, what became problematic? Seong-jin's mother opposed, and a fierce struggle ensued as he united with Christianity.

Seong-jin's mother also knows that there is no man in the world like Seong-jin's father. That is why she said, "Forget the Unification Church; I will do everything myself, and I will live happily with you like any other woman." Ultimately, this means inserting God's will and wanting to dominate. It is a completely fallen attitude. It is to dominate Adam. Because she does not understand the will...

As the Unification Church continued to spread, the established church, in partnership with it, began to raise issues about whether men and women had become one and what the love relationship was like. They began to oppose, saying, "What about this and that?" Just as our Unification Church members do, the leader was not even acting as a husband who treats her nicely. It is not possible before establishing the foundation of the will.

Thus, Unification Church leaders suffered all kinds of hardships from Seong-jin's mother. They were slapped, beaten, had excrement thrown on them, and all sorts of things happened. Leaders were beaten and went through all sorts of incidents. They did all sorts of things, including having excrement poured on them. It was truly the history of Satan.

In this sense, you must understand that the leader is a man who has undergone the most extreme trials from women in the world. You know, it was said that Socrates' wife was a bad wife, but that is not the issue.

So, if the leader had time, he would call that mother and brother and say, "You will regret this later, so please do not do this; just wait for three years," but they came every day asking for a divorce. They asked why he wouldn't grant the divorce. They would sell the church and do all sorts of things...
Satan, you know. The teacher has suffered all kinds of humiliation. I have never raised my voice and have endured everything. Because the time has come... If this continues, it means that the will of heaven and everything else will be ruined. It means that nothing will work. Heaven knows, and Satan knows, everyone knows. Not only regarding the husband but also with the family, such antics are happening, and heaven can no longer tolerate it, which is why heaven commanded them to do as they wish. This is how the divorce happened. Ultimately, this is how such events occurred in our Unification Church. You must understand that the lack of faith on the path of faith has become the motivation for such a tragic disaster.

The first seven-year course is the period in which the mother laid the foundation. Starting in 1954, the full-scale nationwide evangelistic activities began. Originally, it was to start in 1957, but for seven years, the foundation was laid, gathering today’s Unification Church members, establishing more than 120 church foundations nationwide by the 1960s. This represents 120 countries around the world. After laying that foundation, no matter how much national trials were faced, a foundation was laid that would not collapse or perish. Under that foundation, a new marriage ceremony was held in 1960.

Thus, based on that foundation of forming a unified tribe, a national mission was set forth, establishing such a day of blessing. This is a historical turning point. From there, world history will change.

So, welcoming the new mother, the current mother, after 14 years since the teacher started... The teacher went through the path of indemnity, but since the mother did not come with a foundation trained in established churches, there had to be a period for the mother to lay the foundation again. This period is what you should understand as the first seven-year course in the Unification Church.

The 15th Children’s Day Message

Even if the past mother of Seongjin was placed in a position of suffering greater than the sorrow she endured, it was the path the mother had to walk to overcome it. For that, she had to be a young virgin under the age of 20, which is why the mother was chosen at that age. The mother had to unconditionally believe and follow the teacher's guidance. It is necessary to believe unconditionally. Because the mother obeyed and submitted to whatever her husband did as a woman, she established a foundation of obedience that could not exceed that condition, and under that foundation, it was possible to establish until God's Day.

You learned in the Principle that Adam and Eve fell at the completion stage of growth. The year 1960 corresponds to the completion stage of growth at which Adam and Eve fell. (While writing on the board) Here, seven years, seven years, seven years, a total of 21 years are established.

The welcoming of the mother took place 14 years after the teacher started. It is the same. The teacher has the standard to come down and go back up freely, but the mother does not have that, so she must surpass the seven-year period of laying this standard. Only then can we rise to the standard that can complete God's original Day, Children’s Day, All Things Day, and Parents’ Day centered on God. Therefore, that process is a process of fighting.

Up until now, in the process of establishing the will of heaven, women have separated all of heaven’s will, so there must be a movement to unite all of this. The mother may not know this, but the teacher knows all of it... The fall of Eve was due to Adam, so the teacher had to take responsibility for that. Thus, from the position of Adam, everything was resolved, and by establishing all the conditions of indemnity and completely winning, the historical conditions of indemnity that no woman had ever accomplished were completed in seven years, allowing the setting of God's Day.

To indemnify the opposition of the nation and the church, the blessed families entered the second seven-year course.

Finally, centered on God in the family, Parents’ Day, Children’s Day, All Things Day, and God’s Day can be established, and because we were able to surpass the original standard that did not fall, the second seven-year course is the path that blessed families must take. This is the course that blessed families must follow.

That is the process that the teacher must go through while indemnifying. In the course of indemnity, one must become an unchanging parent in dealing with Satan in the historical course of indemnity. That is the principle. And the sons and daughters must be completely one with the parents. Such a reality must be created.

Thus, until 1972, during the three years from 1970 to 1972, all the babies and mothers of families nationwide were separated and sent out. It is a three-year course. At that time, babies were placed in orphanages, given to parents, and entrusted to relatives, so these babies were treated with contempt. They were treated with the same contempt as the teacher.

Now, what will those babies say about their mother and father? They must not oppose them. Those children still prayed for their mother and father, saying that they went out to evangelize according to the teacher's command, to do God's work. There were such children. You must understand that this is a remarkable fact.

Why must it be so? Without going through the three-year course of indemnity in front of the national family that becomes the Abel family, it is impossible to indemnify the opposition of the nation against the Abel standard and the opposition of the church. Therefore, the families of our Unification Church must take this path.

If indemnity is made but belief is lost, we can reclaim everything from Christianity. If that happens, all the fortunes of Christianity will be completely transferred to the Unification Church.

You know, from 1960 to now, for 15 years, I never dreamed that Christianity, which has developed for 2,000 years, would fall like this. Who is to blame? Because of the Unification Church, because they opposed the Unification Church. All the blessings given to Christianity have been transferred to us. You must know this. It must not be that everything blessed by God in world Christianity fails. This must be quickly reclaimed and revived.

Because the blessed families of the Unification Church in Korea sacrificed everything until 1972 for three years, they were able to indemnify what was opposed nationally. Thus, under that foundation, the teacher inherited the fortune of national Christianity, finding the internal foundation to inherit the fortune of world Christianity, enabling a global start. This is the operation directed at the United States in 1972.

Let us exert all our efforts in the global struggle to indemnify everything.

And this free world Christianity, while the teacher was in prison, provided the basis for liberating him and for the independence of Korea, so when the day comes to inherit the fortune of Korean Christianity, there will be a way to revive again. It liberated Korea from Japan and liberated the teacher from communism. In other words, Korea and the teacher owe a debt.

Thus, activities centered on the United States began. Based on the national foundation, inheriting Christianity spiritually and establishing a global foundation, this three-year course is centered on operations that began in the United States, the representative of the democratic world and Christian nations.

Then, where is the peak of this fight to conclude the global three-year course centered on the spiritual foundation? When must this fight end? It must all end within this year. To do that, you must understand that there are tremendous tasks left to establish the conditions for victory in the physical foundation on top of the spiritual foundation.

Thus, there is a responsibility to connect the spiritual foundation of Korean Christianity and world Christianity over three years while simultaneously connecting the physical nation of Korea to the global foundation. Looking at that, from September to December of this year, we are entering a point in history where everything must be indemnified. We must understand this.

How urgent was the Korean issue around September 18th? There was a significant crisis involving the United States, Korea, and Japan. Due to the manipulation of the communists... Since the assassination of President Park Chung-hee's wife, the political circles centered on Japan and the communists have been completely entangled. In such a situation... Ultimately, when crossing the final peak, you must understand that I must intervene. The Korean government is also in a critical moment where it must come to the teacher for help. Thus, you must understand that the historical turning point begins from there.

Thus, by achieving miraculous results, we can solve the Korea-Japan issue and, through the Korea-Japan issue, move towards a new direction for the United States. The standard of spiritual restoration is set as the condition for physical restoration, and the operation towards the global physical norm is precisely the operation that leads to the UN General Assembly.

The withdrawal of UN troops from Korea is a global event. It signifies the end of the UN while simultaneously indicating the end of the democratic world. This is a shameful matter that cannot stand before heaven, so we must defend against it, and you must understand that we are currently engaged in fierce battles centered on this issue.

Whether the UN remains or not will be decided in December. The teacher will carry out such a large-scale struggle for three years. (The following words were not recorded and cannot be included.)

Science and Absolute Value

Honorable chairperson, esteemed scientists, distinguished professors, and scholars! I sincerely welcome all of you attending the 3rd International Conference on Unified Science organized by the International Cultural Foundation.

You are likely aware that the previous two conferences were held in November 1972 in New York and in November 1973 in Tokyo. I hope that during this conference, an atmosphere will be created and maintained where free and candid opinions can be exchanged, and I have done my best to foster such an atmosphere. I am greatly satisfied with the fruitful results of the conference and express my gratitude to those who cooperated in various ways for those results.

The Development of Science and Humanity's Immediate Challenges

Today, increasingly serious problems continue to arise, and they are emerging as immediate challenges for humanity. To solve these challenging problems, a global approach is required rather than a biased, localized one. Therefore, I truly seek and long for the foresight and knowledge of the many distinguished scholars gathered at this conference.

As a scientist myself, I have a profound interest in the development of science and technology. I know that science, technology, and what is called the scientific method have greatly influenced human life. By observing and studying the phenomena, science has expanded the realm beyond what can be perceived by philosophical senses.

We recognize bacteria that can only be seen through a microscope. While others may generally say it is possible, we have traveled to the moon and explored the human mind through computers operating at astronomical speeds.

To the naked eye, the Earth appears flat. However, science has made us acknowledge that the Earth is round. Diamonds seem to be solid, but when we understand that they are clusters of atoms swirling in a state of dispersion, we cannot help but be amazed. 

On a more abstract level, the transformation from a certain entity to an expanded entity is described as a change from ancient times to quantum mechanics, and from a deterministic method to a probabilistic method, both of which bewilder ordinary people living their lives.

The development of science provides us with an enormous amount of knowledge, but we still suffer from the inability to fully internalize this knowledge and the pain of not adequately understanding what this knowledge deeply implies.

This incapacity leads to anxiety, confusion, and a state of ambivalence, stemming from the loss of a solid foundation for thought and standards of thinking. Ultimately, we feel that we are in an unbalanced state between ourselves and the suddenly expanded reality brought about by the development of science.

The Need for a Transnational Worldview and Cooperation

When considering the possibility of finding answers to the disharmony and imbalance of limited human cognitive functions in the spiritual realm, it is no coincidence that recent practices of meditation and contemplation, long cherished in the East, have become subjects of scientific debate in the West. Research on inspiration has attracted considerable interest among scholars in the academic world.

In particular, the discovery that dolphins can clearly communicate with humans is noteworthy. It has also been experimentally proven that plants respond according to human love and emotional states. These discoveries suggest that our current view that the animal and plant kingdoms are inferior in consciousness and reason may be limited.

We can also envision a world where harmonious coexistence between humans and other creatures is realized, with humans, the center of all existence, serving as the axis that rotates the entire created world in essential harmony and unity.

Another noteworthy aspect is the roles of educators and doctors, which are thoroughly influenced by the ability of computers to process vast amounts of information accurately and swiftly. Future research on nuclear particles and cosmology may change our notions of space and time, as some scientists suggest.

A study led by the Club of Rome informs us of the dire consequences that could arise in the near future due to pollution, population explosion, depletion of natural resources, and rapid industrialization. Recent repeated nuclear tests have led to a decrease in ozone levels. As you all know, the presence of ozone in the atmosphere is absolutely essential for the survival of life on Earth. This is because the absence of the ozone layer would destroy protein molecules.

The solutions to these problems cannot be achieved solely through the efforts of scientists or any specific individual, group, or nation. The research mentioned earlier by the Club of Rome clearly points out the limits of the world's resources and environment, making it evident that a global approach and cooperative efforts are absolutely necessary for valid and complete solutions to these global issues.

These problems require a dedicated attitude and cooperation among all nations and necessitate a worldview that transcends the interests of any society or nation. Such a spirit of cooperation will only be achieved when all of humanity considers itself as members of the same human family. This revolutionary change in human ideology...
Today, it has long been necessary for human survival, and it is essential.  
In the education systems of all countries around the world, the advantages of competition, which can only be obtained by those who win in competition, and the most suitable life for that have been excessively emphasized. This has been like a pandemic that erodes healthy human efforts to lead humanity as members of one human family towards a world of peaceful coexistence. In any case, humanity is currently beginning to realize that the emphasis on such competition among intellectuals is changing and that cooperation is an indispensable element for survival. In light of this perspective, the purpose of education and educational philosophy must undergo transformation from its depths.  
In the past, we accepted the contributions of science and technology to enriching human life without deep reflection. Now we are starting to wonder. Several unsettling questions arise in our hearts. Are we happier? Are we morally healthier? Are we becoming more compassionate with love and concern for others?  
The answers to these questions cannot simply be discovered by statistically analyzing results. This is because humans manifest in countless aspects that cannot be measured separately. As an example, please allow me to illustrate love, ideals, the joy of creation, and faith in God. The issue of preserving and developing the image of a human life remains the greatest task we must explore.  
The issue of using science correctly  
Considering these tasks, the problem of judging and using the vast amount of information generated by scientific inquiry is serious and profound. We may need to reassess the trend of overly emphasizing the value of science. Scientific truth is provisional. In other words, the scientific truth of one era may not be recognized in the next era. In the process of establishing models based on limited facts, we go through processes of idealization, simplification, and estimation. Ultimately, we can know similar truths, but we cannot know absolute truths. Science has grown to such an extent that it seems to dominate humanity. Science must be thorough and precise when it comes to determining facts. However, when it comes to utilizing scientific information or achievements, we must not forget its position as an area of human creativity. Science should remain within the human realm, used, adjusted, and evaluated like works of art or music.  
When we reflect on human history, there have been many developments at various peaks in new uncharted fields, cultural advancements, and the golden ages of medicine and other sciences throughout history. Nevertheless, in the past, the development of science and technology primarily aimed at conquering and developing nature.  
Today, it is precisely that science that emphasizes the establishment of new ethical standards for us. These new ethics must relate to issues of loving nature and reevaluating human values, as well as the necessity of cooperation among humans. It must attempt to establish a new worldview and new ethical moral standards that can construct an ideal world where all living beings on Earth coexist harmoniously.  
The development of science and technology has consistently presented arguments urging us to seriously reflect on the necessity of maintaining our humanity and compassion in our lives. I am convinced that all of this is possible only when each scientific and technological field is mobilized for the welfare of humanity and when the spirit of cooperation in human activities is effective on the side of science and technology.  
I sincerely long for answers from all of you regarding this. By collecting your research results according to your views and wisdom, this will undoubtedly be realized. I deeply implore you to play the role of a bridge that connects the current world to a higher dimension and a world of absolute values. Thank you for your attentive listening.  
Truth Makes Great People  
I appreciate the hard work you have all put into the World Scientists' Conference in London. I have heard that those who gathered this time had considerable interest in you young people, praised your service, and had high expectations. I believe the results we anticipated have emerged.  
Plans for the future through the scholars participating in the World Scientists' Conference  
At the beginning of any endeavor, it may not seem significant, but when the direction and purpose become clear, it becomes a major issue in the course of world history. The people who gathered this time are mostly globally renowned and at the top of their fields, but I believe you felt that they are not much different from you. Since we are doing a lot of work in our Unification Church, gathering such global scholars for this purpose will greatly benefit you in accumulating experiences in all international gatherings or such overall meetings in your 20s and 30s.  
Originally, when I started this work, I aimed to gather global scholars to present a unified direction. This democratic world lacks direction.  
November 25, 1974 (Monday), London Church (UK).  
* This speech was also published in the January 1975 issue of <Unification World>.  
Therefore, presenting that direction and uniting the best intellectuals in their respective fields to lay a global foundation and connect it with God's will remains a task for the future. Now, by the time of next year's New York conference, I anticipate that we will have reached a considerable stage and that they will inevitably arrive at this conclusion even without our scientific presentation. I foresee that through this work, the image of the Unification Church, the image of the teacher, and the image of all of you will emerge in a new dimension before prominent figures in international society.  
The specialized committee members of each section of the Scientists' Conference have influenced their respective fields as professional scholars, but there has been no effort in academia today to integrate and plan initiatives that would impact the entire world. I believe that starting this work presents a good opportunity for the Unification Church to gain significant weight. If we hold such an event in New York next year, I expect around 600 to 700 people, including professors who attended the Japan conference, to gather.  
If this happens, many professors in the United States will also participate, and I believe that the foundation for supporting and resonating with all fields in which the teacher is active in the United States will be established through the best intellectuals. Until now, academic conferences among international meetings have been limited because they were held separately by discipline, gathering only scholars from those specific fields. I believe that by holding a meeting across such a vast range of fields, we will gather more than 70 Nobel laureates who represent international standards.  
From that perspective, I think this academic conference will become a historical record that does not exist in the world. Now, in the United States, if we center around Nobel laureates from ten famous universities, those individuals can take the lead in presenting future directions or organizing by selecting representatives from each school to provide direction to all faculty while simultaneously organizing movements to engage students. This is the hope I have for the Scientists' Conference.  
We must strengthen our operations centered around U.S. senators and representatives starting next year, and then enhance our operations at the United Nations while establishing a foundation for political, economic, and cultural activities in the United States. Simultaneously, I plan for the scholars of the world to collaborate with those individuals, influencing from their respective fields while also moving the academic community to unite around the providential focal point centered on the United States.  
If we establish a membership system in the future, I believe we can influence those among the world's scholars who are not members to the extent that they cannot be included. Therefore, by creating a division system and publishing a monthly magazine, I think students who are being educated in that field worldwide will move in accordance with the direction. By bringing forth this new historical direction, the existing foundation will inevitably clash with it, which is why there is opposition against us.  
Because it is a religious foundation, this religion has not become one that operates at the highest standard with a global perspective, but if we can mobilize these scholars and unite the intellectual class of the world, I believe that even if religious individuals oppose us, there will be a way to absorb that. In such an environment, if the world's scholars are organized at the top and unite with university students to push this forward, it will influence politics, economics, culture, and various fields, and this influence cannot be blocked at the intellectual and theoretical levels.  
Furthermore, religious individuals may not see or meet Reverend Moon and oppose him, but these people know very well what we are doing, and they will become representatives who can strongly promote us directly in their professional fields or from the highest positions. Thus, I believe they will serve as guides and pioneering leaders in our transition to a new dimension.  
Since you all worked hard this time, I hope you have a perspective that this will become a significant issue, and I have roughly shared my thoughts on the future direction or plans. Do you understand?  
What is the principle and direction presented by the Unification Church?  
Now, let’s move on to a different topic. The most challenging aspect when I talk to Western people is mentioning the issue of heart. The fact that they do not have a clear understanding of God's love and the love of True Parents and cannot experience it is a significant problem. I believe that our principles must become a basis for living and must be established as an officially universal principle in society.  
What principle does the Unification Church advocate? It is the principle of saving humanity from its fallen state. What does this mean? It means that we have lost our ideals and the world of love, so the principle serves as a bridge to realize the world of ideals and love. Such a path has yet to be revealed.  
From this perspective, humans have fallen away from the ideal path they should have taken, so they must understand their current position and how to rise from it. We have not known the certain content that this must be the case until now. Therefore, what the Unification Church presents is that this is what God's original world is like, this is the ideal world that humanity must reach, and this is the world of love. The people of the current world do not know how they have fallen. All religions are vague about this. They do not know whether they have gone sideways, straight, or what level they have fallen to.  
Presenting an orderly stage to the world’s people in such a confused position and indicating what stage they are at is a standard that can make a significant contribution to human history. If such content is presented solely by the Unification Church, it cannot possess universality. If God exists, it goes without saying that the historical background of fallen humanity must be unified. If there is a certain center through which God is carrying out His providence, it cannot be anything other than religion.  
Therefore, by the contents of providence through religion being unified, we can confirm that there is power, and we can clarify that we are not unrelated to God in our daily lives. Through this, we can understand that the history of providence and human history is unified. Thus, we can know that the providential history led by God and history have come together to lead towards a single destination, and by proving this in our lives, we can understand that God has been present in our lives.  
Therefore, since God is omnipotent, we must recognize that there is a direction presented before humanity regarding how fallen humans should proceed. However, the conclusion that the Unification Church has drawn, that "the history of humanity is the history of God's restoration providence," cannot be regarded as anything but a great assertion.  
When that one statement is certain, salvation is also contained within it. Salvation is returning to the original position where one is not sick, and because we have not clearly presented that, the term salvation has been vague until now, but now the term restoration is certain. Therefore, the principled standard of the principle exists, the ideal standard has been established, and next, the fallen state is recognized, and it is acknowledged that fallen humanity is in the process of seeking the original position where it did not fall.  
From this perspective, because humanity has fallen, it has become like being placed in a school or a square, going through kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, and university, and then onto the doctoral course. And we can conclude that the training ground in that direction is the fallen world. Without knowing this entire content, children in kindergarten say kindergarten is the best, middle school students say middle school is the best, and university students boast that their department is the best in the world, which leads to a confused world.  
Therefore, the Unification Church must present the direction in which this world should go. It must clearly present a direction that no religion has been able to present and propose a thesis that allows us to understand the progressive dimensions of advancement. Ultimately, there must be a direction that aligns with the purpose we are aiming for, which is the direction that God presents; without a direction that can align with that, it is impossible for us to reach the ideal world, which is an extremely obvious conclusion.  
The stages of restoration and the Messiah  
Then, when we look at how God has filtered historical eras, we can understand at which stage humanity fell and how it fell by knowing this clearly, which will inform us how to rise. If we comprehensively categorize the entire history from the origin of humanity, there is the position of parents, then the position of sons and daughters, and then the position of adopted children. After that is the position of servants. If one falls from the position of a servant, they fall to a lower place... There is nothing else.  
When we break it all down, we can extract the core stages from here. If one has fallen, falling further from the position of a servant means falling to a worse place than a servant. If humans unite as an ideal stage connection with a common direction, anyone can reasonably understand that such a stage cannot be the central stage here. (Pointing to what he wrote) Ultimately, falling means being turned upside down.  
Restoration must go in the opposite direction. Immediately, one can understand that direction.
It is. However, since it cannot all be achieved at once, one must conclude the position of the servant of servants at the very bottom in order to ascend, and only after concluding the next stage can one rise. One cannot leap up all at once. In other words, one graduates from kindergarten to enter elementary school, must graduate from elementary school to enter middle school, must graduate from middle school to enter high school, and must graduate from high school to enter college. Only by resolving these stages step by step can there be a higher dimensional sequential organization.

If there is an ideal that humanity must develop towards, what is it? Is there no way to jump through all of this at once? God would think about this, and so would we as humans. From this perspective, we can observe and deduce that there are numerous religions associated with each of these fields.

However, if a wide road, like a highway, is paved for quick travel, even those who were going elsewhere will flock there, even if told not to come. If God exists, wouldn’t He consider that? Wouldn’t fallen humanity desire that as well? Right? “Yes.” So, both God and humanity desire this; both want it. A person with such a center and such a thought must emerge. This is what we must understand as the concept of the Messiah.

Since it has fallen down, if it is to return, it will naturally become so. Until now, it has been said that it has taken thousands of years to come this far, but what will happen if it goes from here? (Pointing to what was written) If one understands this, even elementary school students will not go, no matter how much they are urged, and even if they are beaten to death, they will not go.

Humans may not know, but God knows. That is why God sends the Messiah, who has received a doctorate. This will surely be the case. Then, would someone who has gone through the doctorate course fail the elementary school exam? The middle school exam, the university exam would also be passed without issue. This means that one can reach a conclusion about religion or worldview with common sense.

So, when asking various students, “What do you want to be?” they respond, “I want to be an elementary school teacher. I want to be a middle school teacher. I want to pass and become a general.” The greedy ones say this. Everyone who looks human attaches themselves to that. Everyone likes this. Everyone hopes for it.

However, if you want to pass, you must absolutely obey the head professor regarding that academic world. Only then can you receive it. This is an undeniable formula. Is that right or not? “That’s right.” Therefore, you must not doubt that path and must go with absolute obedience. The exam questions are all laid out there. The reason the exam was taken in the providence of restoration but failed is that all the exam questions have been taught in advance. Although there have been failures until now, we will not fail again! What can teach that is the unification thought that appears last in the historical era. It is the thought of God. It is the place of hope that humanity must finally reach. That is how it will be.

God knows the problems and even knows what answers to write. Furthermore, the person who is in a position to know is the Messiah. Therefore, if one receives guidance from Him, one can do it all at once…. Then, do you all want to write answers? “Yes.” Can you say, “I can write however I want”? Thus, the fact that we can receive guidance on how we should write means that we are being supplied with the materials necessary to write good answers.

From this perspective, what kind of church is the Unification Church? It is a church that has the ability to compensate for the entire field at once in terms of restoration. We can conclude this. We want to finish 7,000 years of history in 7 years.

Now, if you are going to school, what kind of school do you want to go to? Do you want to go to a school that lasts for 7,000 years? Do you want to go to a school that lasts for 7 years? “For 7 years…” Do you really want to go to such a school? “Yes.” Then how quickly must you go? The principle is that the faster you go, the louder the sound and the more fuel it consumes. Wherever the Unification Church goes, there is noise. Also, there is a lot of consumption afterward. So, do we need to supply fuel or not? “We need to.” No matter how good the car is, if there is no fuel, it cannot run. You are all busy supplying fuel. The Unification Church is saying it cannot go because it is too difficult. So, would you like to do that, or would you not? If you can do that, you can go smoothly.

Since it is a history of restoration, there are long and short paths. The paths are becoming shorter. This is how history is being made. Among the paths that turn, there is only one straight path. There is only one path. When bridges are built in all directions, there will be a way to shorten all that has been consumed in terms of time or stages, and this can be theoretically caught.

From this perspective, we reach the conclusion that we must find it. That is the path that God is pulling us up, and it is the path we must run up. How can we align that path with God? What is the stage that has discovered this? It is the positions of the servant of servants, the servant, the adopted child, the son, and the parents. If these are connected, a single stage that compresses the ideals of the entire history of humanity is formed. Now, you will know that we can live such a comprehensive life without looking at the Bible. This is a historical fact. If God exists, and if humanity has fallen, and if fallen humanity is seeking ideals, there is no other way than this. This is a conclusion that anyone can understand.

From this perspective, if God has carried out a providence to save humanity, it is common sense that He would leave a path that conforms to such principles. Therefore, since there are differences in religions throughout the ages, it is certain that missions suitable for each field have been divided and integrated. From this perspective, we criticize world religions and find the value of any religion based on whether it matches several stages or the whole.

From this perspective, if there is a religion that can fit the whole, that religion must have been treated as the central religion of God throughout the historical era and must still be the religion that leads centrally in the present world. We can conclude this here. If we understand this fact, we will discover that history comes with a purpose. Because we humans cannot live forever, we cannot see the purpose; if there were someone who could see, they would have seen that purpose.

Now, where is the highest mountain? If there is a high mountain that can be seen from all directions, anyone looking at that mountain, if they do not die, will climb and climb, striving with all their might to reach it. If they do not die, they will reach it. However, since no one lives forever, if one dies on the way, that is it. If one dies on the way and dies again on the way, that is it. This is the game being played. One falls and dies on the way. Therefore, you must understand that you cannot take that path and that it leaves behind a path of thousands of years.

Only those who live forever can know and see this, and if there is such a being, it can only be God. To find the destination, it is necessary to know the program precisely. Therefore, knowing that, if one fills the car with fuel and knows how to drive, one can reach the destination. And while going, one might think, “Ah, this is a pit where millions of people were sacrificed in this era.”

In other words, “This place is the valley of death where millions sacrificed themselves to find the position of the servant of servants from the position of the servant! And to find the position of the adopted child from the position of the servant, millions and tens of millions of people sacrificed themselves in the valley of death, and then to find the position of the son from the position of the adopted child, hundreds of millions of humanity sacrificed themselves here, and now they are struggling to reach the position of the parents! This is what the valley of death is like! Ah!” One could be amazed like this.

The direction of restoration presented by the Unification Church
When we look at it from a theoretical and comprehensive perspective, there must be a mainstream religion that God has governed with such a perspective. After investigating and knowing that religion should be like this, we find that the religion with such content is Christianity. That religion must have a long history and must be a religion that has remained a global center until now, which is a fact. Therefore, when we say that Christianity has remained as such a religion, we can confidently conclude that Christianity is the central religion of God.

So, did God really work like that? Regarding this, the teacher has presented the principles. The fact that it has been presented from the era of the servant of servants to the era of the servant, the era of the adopted child, the era of the son, and up to the era of the parents is great. When the day comes that such a stage matching this theory is discovered, no one will be able to deny that God has been in history. Do you understand? “Yes.” That is why it is the most theoretical conclusion that Christianity must fulfill the mission of a pioneer that leads Western civilization and runs until the end of the age.

Then, from a providential perspective, before the Old Testament era, before Jacob, it is the era of the servant of servants; from Jacob to Jesus, it is the era of the servant; after Jesus, it is the era of the adopted child; and the time of the Second Coming is the era of the son. Since the era of the son is coming, there must be parents. Therefore, it goes through the era of the parents and returns to God.

Just as I mentioned before, Abel must complete the mission of the son and open the door of the parents. The principle is such. Do you understand? This is a comprehensive conclusion I reached before finding the principles. So, you must understand that this is a historical record of walking the path that aligns with the principles. This aligns with the Bible and with God’s providence, so we can take the direction that God presents. We must understand that this is the direction presented to us.

Have you set the direction? Do you understand now? “Yes.” Then, if I have shown you the direction to go there and say not to go, what will you do? If I say to go this way, you cannot help but go. Knowing the direction, no matter what the world says, you will go. If your parents say not to go, you must say, “Why? I want to go.” Even if the country blocks you, you must say, “Oh, I must go.” Even if the world blocks you, you must say, “Oh, I must go.” You cannot help but do so. This is what the members of the Unification Church must do. Have you all become like that? The teacher knows this, so even if the world opposes, I will go.

Now that you know this, there will probably be no one who will fall. Will anyone say to play, rest, or grow? There is a set time, and if you do not go by that time, you will know that night is coming, and the busy path is the blessed path. Now, do you know when you will die? “Oh, I will finish the master’s and doctoral courses at university before I go.” Wouldn’t that be nice? Are you guaranteed to live until then? That is why it is a serious matter. What is school? It is something you must go to first and see. Religion must teach this content and show the whole. Only then is it right. Why? Because it was not known.

The path of unification is a path that must be taken by descendants if I cannot go.
Time has passed a lot. How much has changed from an hour ago to now? Did you see? Did you see the changes? “Yes.” You may have known after hearing, but you do not know whether it has changed or not. You do not know what happened in that hour, but you know after an hour.

In seeking the path of life, if the person who has devoted their life and suffered the most knows this for sure, how happy would they be? Then, since it is something that does not exist in British history, shouldn’t we celebrate it here? We can conclude that truth makes great people.

“Knowing the truth will set you free.” (John 8:32) is a natural statement. No matter how much you go out into the world with the concepts I have spoken about at this time, you will not be able to find such things. Therefore, you must understand that it is a path that cannot be returned to once you have gone. If you go out and come back, how miserable would that be? You must understand that it is the same as having to walk the path of suffering after a second fall. You must know that there is such an incredible path. I know that. If there had been another path, I would have gone first before you. So do you think I am doing this because I am inferior to you? Therefore, you must understand that you are inevitably walking a path of destiny that you cannot avoid. If you are going, will you go quickly or slowly? “I will go quickly.” Will you rush or go slowly? “I will rush.” There are those who go quickly without anyone seeing. There are those who can go quickly without anyone noticing. The faster you go, the more strength you have to break through anything. In that regard, it has long been concluded that the Unification Church has no rival.

So, the question was whether you could align with the path and direction that God desires for His return, and now, when asked whether you can align with that direction, how will you respond? This path must be taken even by my grandchildren. Even if I cannot go, even if my son or grandchildren cannot go and die, they must still go. You must understand that this is the path of unification.

If there is only one line given by God, you must hold onto it to ascend. If there is only one direction, then you must enter this bottom and take the short distance. You must not say, “Isn’t it enough to be here?” If you are at that one point, that is the unifying position, the starting point that can solve all problems. There is only one place for that, one place.

So, can we unify or not? “Yes.” The Unification Church is right. Is that the best name or the worst name? You all say it is a good name, but the world says it is the worst. However, the fact that it is called bad is not the issue. It is to keep going up. On the day you keep going up, you will say, “Ah! Ah! Ah!” It keeps happening. “Oh, that person has risen so high.” It keeps rising. The Unification Church keeps rising. That is how it is. The members of the Unification Church will achieve developments that no religion or culture in the world has achieved in a short time, developments that have not been achieved in any historical era. Saying that this is the Unification Church is a conclusion that resonates. Therefore, the Unification Church is a place where one can walk the path that can break records in all fields.

Is our Unification Church going while doing this, or not? If you look at that, we can conclude that the Unification Church is real because there is a Unification Church that aligns with such theories. Do you understand what I am saying? “Yes.” The world goes back and forth, and heaven and earth go back and forth, but one cannot do as they please while holding onto life.
할 수 있는 존재가 아니라는 것을 여러분은 알아야 됩니다. 여러분이 이 문제를 해결해야 합니다. 여러분이 이 문제를 해결할 수 있는 존재가 되어야 합니다. 여러분이 이 문제를 해결하지 않으면, 이 세계는 계속해서 혼란 속에 빠질 것입니다. 여러분이 이 길을 가야 합니다. 여러분이 이 길을 가면, 여러분의 조상들도 기뻐할 것이고, 여러분의 후손들도 기뻐할 것입니다. 여러분이 이 길을 가면, 여러분은 참된 가정, 참된 사회, 참된 국가를 이룰 수 있습니다. 여러분이 이 길을 가면, 여러분은 참된 인류의 공신이 될 수 있습니다. 

이제 여러분은 이 길을 가야 합니다. 이 길을 가기 위해서는 여러분이 먼저 변화해야 합니다. 여러분이 변화하지 않으면, 이 길을 갈 수 없습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 

이제 여러분은 이 길을 가야 합니다. 이 길을 가기 위해서는 여러분이 먼저 변화해야 합니다. 여러분이 변화하지 않으면, 이 길을 갈 수 없습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 

이제 여러분은 이 길을 가야 합니다. 이 길을 가기 위해서는 여러분이 먼저 변화해야 합니다. 여러분이 변화하지 않으면, 이 길을 갈 수 없습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 

이제 여러분은 이 길을 가야 합니다. 이 길을 가기 위해서는 여러분이 먼저 변화해야 합니다. 여러분이 변화하지 않으면, 이 길을 갈 수 없습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다. 여러분이 변화해야만 이 길을 갈 수 있습니다.
do you? It must be resolved within 15 years. Everyone, think about whether this is an easy task. We must cook the world. Christianity, which has extended the age of the teacher by 30 years in this world, must perish, and the Korean people who have extended it by 30 years must suffer, and humanity, which has extended it by 30 years, must fall into misery. We know this for sure. Do you feel that it has happened because of the Unification Church? If you think of avenging enemies, everything will be ruined. Christianity must disappear, nations must disappear, and the world must disappear; we must not think this way. You must understand that we are spending time to pave the way for the benefit of our enemies. By quickly evangelizing and leading them to repentance, a new world will manifest on earth. Regardless of my past, standing at the forefront and fighting for this cause, we can emerge as benefactors of humanity, and this is theoretically understandable. 

To enter heaven, one must break through the depths of hell. Let's conclude. You have understood that the direction is set. Next, I know very well about the restoration of vertical history through horizontal history. Therefore, while paving the way of the servant, the servant's path, the adopted son's path, and the son's path, we must overcome even if death strikes all at once. You cannot theoretically deny that this is the only path that can be taken. 

The path that can be taken individually is paved, the path that can be taken as a family is paved, and now the path that can be taken nationally is being paved. It is being connected. After that, the path that can be taken nationally will be connected. The path that can be taken globally is the three-phase seven-year course. When I return from Korea this time, I will surpass national standards and move to global standards, and to meet this standard, the world will be swept into chaos. 

Then the world will be transformed... and when the entire world becomes like that, if we grasp this... the world will all be running in a line. On the day of lifting, everyone will rise together. If we just fix this, everything will rise. Then the world will become the heavenly world. Everyone, does all the content of the principle sink into your minds? 

To correct the direction, who must do it? I must do it. I must do it without dying. Therefore, I must have a firm belief that ‘I must be the strongest in this world. No ideology or religion can lead me away.’ I must keep walking as far as my strength allows while holding onto the line. Then, won't God lift me up? This is the path of restoration that everyone must walk. 

The conclusion is that you can walk the path that the teacher has walked for 21 years in just 7 years. Everyone must understand that one cannot avoid walking for 7 years. During these 7 years, one must break through hell to ascend to heaven. Do you understand? We must break through because we are under the authority of Satan. "Come, cross! Come, suffering of the world! Come, death! I will go!" And... knowing this, if you die here, you can go directly to a place of victory. Therefore, such a person is not an unfortunate person. The simplest thing is to desire to die, as that is the quickest path. 

Thus, the saying in the Bible, "Whoever seeks to save his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life will preserve it" (Luke 17:33) becomes real. Because we could not do this, we ruined the world and crucified Jesus. At that time, people hoped for the center line to come. Now, they must have understood. 

So, if it is England, break through the suffering of England; if it is Germany, break through the suffering of Germany; break through the suffering of communism; if it is Italy, break through the suffering of Italy; overcome the greatest difficulties of the nation. This is the responsibility that the Unification Church must fulfill. 

We must do this, but time is passing, and there are no people, so what should we do? We must expand our numbers day and night and prepare to win. Because the entire fate of our life and death and the protection of the heavenly law is at stake, we must understand that we are in a situation where we cannot help but prepare for death. The reason the teacher says to do more difficult tasks every time he comes is because it is unavoidable until the purpose of providence is fulfilled, and because he loves and thinks about you... you all know this. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, you must have realized that we stand in a shared destiny. 

In that point, God stands, the teacher stands, and you stand, so we become one. We must align with God's heart and the heart of the True Parents. Since we know that purpose and mission, we cannot help but win. It is a normal conclusion that without this unity, we cannot enter the glorious place of victory. Do you feel this? "Yes." 

Now, live according to that feeling. Act on it. Then you will know that you are becoming one, and that God is with you in that. When your spiritual eyes are opened, you will see God working together. So, the more you come over from here, the closer you get, the stronger that phenomenon will undoubtedly become. Do you understand? "Yes." 

If you know this much and still cannot go, then you must go to hell. Now, you cannot say to the teacher, "Oh, teacher, why didn't you clearly teach us the path we should take?" You cannot say that, right? "Yes." You responded. 

The London message will remain as an important historical record of the Unification Church. You are happy people. We must understand how great it is that we have the faith to break through all historical challenges in a short time. Therefore, we must know that we have the qualification to become the sons and daughters of God and the True Parents. Do you understand? 

You can find the heart in that place... If you act from that place, it is certain. We know we are in a total offensive, so the more we run ahead, the more we will find that our entire army and commander and heart are united, and we will discover unity. Now, do you want to try it? "Yes." 

England must shake. Europe must shake. The people of the world must say, "Oh, why is this happening? It is because of the Unification Church. The Unification Church says let’s unite and walk the path of life." We must make sure that no one is unaware of this. If they do not understand, there is nothing we can do. After we fulfill our responsibilities, after the seven-year course is over, the teacher will not have to pay attention to the world. At that time, I can walk my path comfortably on the earth. 

So, whether you believe or not is not the issue. We have a responsibility to inform. Just as the Israelites headed toward the wilderness during the Exodus, a new era of exodus toward the world of Canaan has come. Therefore, we have come out now to fulfill our responsibility because we know that if we do not inform the people, the nation, or the tribes, they will face judgment. 

So, if the Israelites do not inform their people, the responsibility will fall on those who did not inform. Now you understand. You must understand that you can find God's heart there and that you can unite with the teacher. You will no longer doubt. 

Write down what was said here today and send it to America and Korea. Why am I doing this work in England? Because England is the mother of America, the nation of the sun, and that is why I am concluding this. So, inform them. Even if we do not talk about this content again in America or Korea, they will understand that we are at this point. 

Today is November 25, 1974... The London message will remain as an important historical record of the Unification Church. Now that the scientists' conference is over, because we know this, let’s go forward powerfully... Since you have priority in the words of the teacher, I hope you will lead in bearing fruit. Then, I believe that a new peak of hope can rise in the free world because of England. 

Because England is more miserable than America, if they understand this, they can correct things faster than America. If there are intelligent Germans who say, "Before England does it, we must move Europe," let them do it. Since they are in the same position as England, let them do it. If France wants to do it, they must do it with a conviction greater than Napoleon's. And Italy, "The Italian kingdom, which boasted a thousand years of history, is now asleep, but if this nation awakens, it will again become a cultural pioneer that can move the world." If they have that conviction and spirit, let them do it. England will rise. "England will not fall." Then that's enough. 

A New Future for Christianity
—Hope Day Grand Lecture Seattle Message— 
This evening, I sincerely thank all the gentlemen and ladies who have attended. You must have been quite curious about Reverend Moon, who has just been introduced. The person who has appeared here today is Reverend Moon, so please observe and evaluate him well. 

The title of the message I wish to share with you this evening is "A New Future for Christianity." I will speak briefly on this topic. 

Before entering the message, do not be shocked by the new content being presented here today; rather, I hope you can listen and accept it with a heart of prayer and tolerance, and from a position of openness to new ideas. 

We know that Christians around the world are eagerly hoping for the Lord to return. Why must the Lord come? We know that the Lord comes first to fulfill God's will. 

Now we must clearly understand what God's will is. It is essential that we grasp this. 

Because God is eternal, unchanging, and absolute, we must understand that His will is singular and cannot be dual. Being the absolute God, what He has determined and intended will surely be fulfilled. 

Through the Bible, we know that God in the Garden of Eden commanded not to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. He warned that on the day they eat from it, they will surely die. 

The purpose of this warning was not to lead them to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, but to guide them toward the world of His intended will without eating from it. There is no doubt about this. However, by eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, humanity failed to follow the direction of God's original intention and fell. 

When we consider where the fall occurred, it is not about falling from the air or from a height, but rather falling away from the intended will of God. 

Therefore, had they remained within the will, they could have been in the eternal position of eternal life, but by falling from the will, humanity has found itself in the world of death. To have fallen means to be in a state of illness or malfunction. 

In Genesis 6:6, we see that after the fall, God lamented that He had created humanity. From His regret over the fall, we can clearly see that God did not desire humanity to fall but rather hoped they would not. Today, among Christians, there are many believers who think that the fall of Adam and Eve was also God's will. 

What was the world that God originally intended? 

Before discussing the fallen world, we must clearly understand what the world of God's original intention was. 

Had Adam and Eve not fallen, they would have grown as God's sons and daughters in love and protection, progressing toward perfection. Had they stood in such a position, a true tradition of brothers growing in God's love would have been established in the history of humanity. 

If they had matured in that brotherly tradition—since God created one man and one woman to ensure that they would be blessed in marriage—God would have called them and personally blessed them with a wedding ceremony. 

If that had happened, a true tradition of couples would have remained. Furthermore, as true couples who love each other gave birth to children, true parents would have been established, and the sons and daughters born from these true parents would undoubtedly have been innocent and good children. Had this occurred, the origin of human history would have begun with humanity as the sinless children of true parents, guaranteed by God's love. (Applause) Thank you. 

If such true families had emerged, centered around those families, true tribes would have formed, and those tribes would have developed into true nations, which would have undoubtedly evolved into a true world. If such a world had come to be, it would have been a sovereign nation where God is both the parent and the king, ruling the world. 

If we had stood in that position, today, humanity would have to be a single race, the descendants of Adam, inheriting Adam's tradition. And under God's protection, the words and lifestyle that Adam practiced would have been passed down as a tradition, creating an ideal cultural world centered on Adam. Had that happened, this earth would have been a heavenly kingdom because it would be a nation under God's dominion, and we must understand that it could not be anything but a heavenly kingdom on earth. 

The people governed by God on earth would go to the heavenly kingdom in the spirit world, so when their parents enter heaven, their families, tribes, nations, and the world can all enter together. This is the eternal heavenly kingdom we desire. 

You must understand that there is no need for a savior in that place. You must understand that there is no need for religion there. There is no need for prayers or statements of belief in God. You must understand that it is a place where there is no hell. 

Then, what is the motivation behind the emergence of faith, religion, saviors, and hell today? We did not realize that it is the result brought about by the fall. (Applause) Thank you. 

We must understand that the world of God's eternal intention has never been realized until now. Because humanity fell, God has not been able to realize such a world. Because humanity fell, we must understand that this world has been left behind, and the world of the results of the fall has unfolded. 

What happened as a result of the fall? We have fallen under the authority of death.
I have fallen into the realm of death, as it was said, "If you eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you will surely die." As a result of the fall, what happened? In John 8:44, Jesus pointed out that the devil has become the father of humanity. The unfortunate fact that Adam and Eve, who were supposed to have God as their father, ended up acknowledging the devil as their father due to their fall must be understood as the consequence of the fall.

For this reason, Adam and Eve, who were nurtured in the embrace of Satan, have become enemies to each other. Since Eve caused Adam to fall, from the perspective of the fallen Adam, Eve, who caused his fall, is an enemy, and thus a tradition of sinful brothers has been established. Adam and Eve were not matured in the love of God. They grew up under the dominion of the devil and held a wedding ceremony, which established the origin of sinful couples. With the establishment of sinful couples, sinful parents were formed by giving birth to sons and daughters, and sinful sons and daughters began to multiply.

These sinful brothers, who are like enemies to each other, have multiplied, forming families, which have then formed tribes, which have separated into nations, and these nations have separated to create the world we live in today. We must understand that as a result, the devil has naturally come to dominate this world. The Bible points out this fact in various places. In John 12:31, it states that the prince of this world is the devil.

In the world created by God, God should be the owner, but why has the devil, the enemy of God, become the king who rules this world? This is undoubtedly a result of the fall. Furthermore, the Bible points out that the devil even rules over the powers of the air.

When we ask whether this is the world that God desired, the answer is no. We must understand that it has become a world of sad results due to the fall. Therefore, can humans who have fallen into such a world, who are ruled by the enemy of God, the devil, find a way to return to the world of God's original intention? Is it possible to return? This is impossible. If the devil does not allow it, is there anyone who can break through? No, there is not. Only God can do it. Only God can do it. (Applause) Thank you.

Now, what you must clearly understand is this: we must recognize that the devil came into being as a result of the fall and that the devil has taken dominion over the world, establishing a world under his authority. Therefore, God must have a plan to eliminate this sin and overthrow the devil's authority, to bring humanity back to the side of heaven and completely bury the devil.

The Messiah is the one who enables fallen humanity to return to the original world.

So, why must the Messiah come? We must clearly understand this issue. The Messiah comes to take away the authority of the devil and to enable humanity to atone for their sins and return to heaven, to lead them back into the world of God's original intention.

Now, what does the term "salvation" mean? It means returning to the original position from which one has fallen, to restore oneself. Therefore, we must understand that the path of restoration is the path of salvation.

Why has the religious sphere of Christianity and others been established today? It is a foundation for separating from the evil devil and entering the world of God's original intention.

What must God do to reclaim the authority from the devil? It cannot be done individually. Therefore, it concludes that a strong nation must be formed on the side of heaven. Thus, we must understand that the nation God has chosen and prepared from a mainstream perspective until now is the nation of Israel, and that religion is Christianity. For this reason, we must recognize that we are currently in the process of the providence of salvation. We must understand that the intention of this providence of salvation is not the original intention that God had planned.

The one who comes as the responsible figure to enable us to return to the original world, which has not fallen, is the Savior. (Applause) Thank you. When the Messiah comes to this earth and we return to the original world, religion will end, the mission of the Savior will end, hell will end, and everything of the devil and this world ruled by the devil will end. Thus, we will return to the world of God's original intention, where God reigns.

Today, since our world is undoubtedly a fallen world, we are certainly in a position where we cannot help but look for the Savior.

We have understood what God's intention is, and we know that the purpose of the Messiah's coming is to lead us back to God's original world. We have understood that to return to the original world, we must establish a national form and expand it into a global form, broadening the solid foundation on the side of heaven and overcoming the world of the devil to reclaim the devil's authority. We have understood that this is the mission of the Messiah. (Applause) Thank you.

What is the mission of Judaism and Christianity? What is the mission of Christianity and what is the mission of Judaism? When the Lord comes, we must be completely united with Him. We must be completely united. When the Messiah comes and says, "Come this way," everyone must go. We must all return as one. When it comes to conquering the world of the devil, we must cooperate to the maximum.

Now, who do the Jews, Christians, and today’s Unification Church hope for? They are not hoping for different people. They are hoping for one Messiah. Since God's will is one, and the representative who can fulfill that one will is the Messiah, the Messiah hoped for by the Jews, the Messiah hoped for by Christians, and the Messiah hoped for by the Unification Church cannot be different. It is one person, one person. (Applause) Thank you.

Furthermore, even among pagan religions, there is a belief in the return of their savior, but the statement about the return does not refer to their founder. We must understand that it has come to be believed this way as part of God's indirect providence to culminate in the one Messiah who is to come. (Applause)

Therefore, the issue is the Messiah. The Messiah is the issue. Without meeting the Messiah, we cannot return to the world of God's original intention. This is why all people of the world cannot help but look for the Savior.

When viewed from the perspective of the one Messiah, Judaism is like the eldest brother, Christianity is like the second brother, and the Unification Church is like the third. They are brothers, brothers.

So, the Messiah that the Jews hoped for and the Messiah that Christians hoped for are one person. However, we must understand whether the Messiah that the Jews hoped for is the Jesus that Christians believe in. If Jesus is the Messiah, then it concludes that the Jews failed in their responsibility.

Christianity is hoping for the Lord of the Second Coming. They are hoping for the second Lord. Today, the Unification Church is also hoping for the Lord of the Second Coming. If there is something that has prevented Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church from becoming one, it is only natural that God, who is a God of love, must prepare for the unity of Judaism and Christianity before meeting the Messiah. (Applause) Thank you.

From this perspective, when centered on one Messiah, Judaism should have been in a position to accept Christianity, and similarly, Christianity should be in a position to accept the Unification Church.

Now, I conclude that when I entered the spiritual realm, I realized that Jesus Christ, who came to this earth, was the Messiah that the Jews had hoped for 2,000 years ago. 

If at that time the Jews had accepted Jesus Christ as the Messiah, Christianity would not have emerged today. Centered on the dead Jesus, the world of Christianity laid the foundation to move the democratic world, but if the Jewish foundation had been united around the living Jesus, it would have undoubtedly conquered the world in a short time. (Applause) Thank you.

If that had happened, today, Jews would not be in a position of struggling to establish the foundation for the restoration of Israel in the Middle East; they would have already dominated the world and created a unified world.

We must understand that Jesus came for Judaism and the Israelite people, not for Christianity today. (Applause) Thank you.

However, we must recognize the serious issue of why the Israelite people, who had been prepared for 4,000 years to welcome the Messiah promised by God, failed to accept Him when He came. It is because the Israelite people did not believe in Jesus. Who crucified Jesus? It was not the Roman governor Pilate, but the chosen people of Israel who arrested and killed Jesus, which is an undeniable historical fact.

This is just like how today, Christianity is waiting for the Lord to come, and if the Lord comes, they would arrest and kill Him. Could such a thing happen? Because Jesus came to this earth and could not fulfill the purpose He had to accomplish, in other words, He could not break the dominion of the devil and bring humanity, under the devil's rule, back to the world of God's original intention, we must understand that He cannot come again. (Applause) Ultimately, we must understand that because Jesus died on the cross, He cannot come again.

If the Jews had come… Reverend Moon is not here to criticize Judaism, but to reveal historical facts so that they may repent of their errors and find the right path even now; this is something you must understand.

Even now, Jews must repent, acknowledge the historical facts of the past, accept Christianity, and unite with America. I see this as a path for Jews to step onto the world stage nationally. America, representing Christianity, must fully unite and protect the nation of Israel as a brother nation.

Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church must unite to welcome the Messiah.

Christianity is currently debating whether Reverend Moon and the Unification Church are heretical, but I am not heretical. I am here to unify Christianity and Judaism and to teach how the Lord will come in the future.

In Amos 3:7, it says that God does not act without revealing it to His prophets. We must understand that God will certainly announce what is to come at the end.

Now, given this content, is there any basis for saying that Reverend Moon cannot fulfill such a mission? Look at the results. If God is with us, we will prosper, and if God is not with us, we will fail. (Applause) Thank you.

From this perspective, today, Christianity has the responsibility to be completely united with the Messiah, whether they live or die. Since Judaism, Christianity, and the Unification Church are brothers centered on one Messiah, they must resolve all differences and unite to welcome the Messiah. This is what we must understand as God's intention for the religions of today. (Applause) Thank you.

The cause of the division of Christian denominations lies in the literal belief in the Bible.

Next, you must see… Christianity has become divided into over 400 denominations and is fighting. From God's perspective, we should return to unity centered on one will, but who is going to resolve this? Who is going to resolve this?

Christianity should be united around God's will and cooperate to break the dominion of the devil and find the world ruled by the devil, yet they are fighting among themselves. Think about how happy the devil must be and how appalled God must be. (Applause) Thank you.

If Jesus came to this earth and saw the divisions and fights among denominations, do you think He could lift His face before God, who has one will? Would He be able to lift His face? He could not leave it as it is.

Therefore, we must understand that at the end of days, such denominations will easily stand under heavenly curses. Thus, the era of the decline of Christianity will come. If there is someone who claims that Christianity must unite in such an era, that person is someone whom Jesus can hope for and whom God can place His hopes on. (Applause)

Then, where does the cause of Christianity being divided into over 400 denominations lie? It does not lie in Jesus. It lies in the Bible. We must understand that the issue is the Bible. (Applause) You must clearly understand what this Bible is. Because this Bible has been like sending a spy to establish God's will in the realm ruled by the devil. This is what you must understand as the providence of salvation.

If there is someone trying to fulfill God's will in the world of the devil, the devil will kill them. The devil will kill them. Therefore, when God sends His chosen people, He has always given direct instructions through symbols, parables, and codes.

When the United States and the Soviet Union send spies and intelligence agents to confront each other, the CIA director gives all plans through codes. This has been the nature of the struggle.

Therefore, interpreting the Bible literally can lead to ruining God's will and can result in the destruction of humanity.

This is why, at the end of days, we are told not to listen to human words. We must enter the secret place and negotiate, and we must follow God's instructions; this is what you must understand.

Church leaders and all believers who cannot receive commands from God must be humble. They must be humble.

As I mentioned earlier, why did the Jews fail to welcome Jesus Christ, who was the one they had waited for 4,000 years as the Messiah?
When we look at the issue, we must recognize the fact that believing the Old Testament literally led to the inability to receive the Lord. The position of Judaism, which hoped for the Lord at that time, is the same as that of Christianity today, which hopes for the returning Lord. You must understand that the Lord, who comes to fulfill the same mission and the same will of God, cannot come in a different way. (Applause) Thank you. 

Jews killed Jesus because they believed the Bible literally. Today, Christians around the world are eagerly awaiting the Lord's return, but they are vaguely waiting without knowing how the Lord will come. We must recognize that this is similar to the position of the Jews who were waiting. To understand this clearly, we must know how the ancient Jews failed to accept Jesus. Only then can we find a way to receive the Lord who is to come in the future.

In the Old Testament, it is said that the Lord will come riding on clouds. In Daniel 7:13, it states, "One like a son of man is coming with the clouds..." Therefore, the believers of that time knew that the Lord would come on clouds. So they believed, "Anyone who does not come riding on clouds is not the Lord."

We need to determine whether that belief was correct or not. In the New Testament, 2 John 7 states, "For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who do not confess the coming of Jesus Christ in the flesh. Such a one is the deceiver and the antichrist." This is an undeniable fact.

Now, it is like today when Christians expect the Lord to come on clouds, but if the Lord does not come on clouds and instead comes as a person and is captured and killed... Just as the disciples rebuked the Jews who said that the Jesus who was captured and killed 2,000 years ago was not the Messiah, this is exactly like rebuking today's Christians. Are you confident? Can you believe it?

We must understand that the faith of the Israelites and the providential will of God who sent Jesus were different. Furthermore, what else was there that they could not believe? In Malachi 4:5, it states, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the great and awesome day of the Lord comes." It is a firm promise that Elijah will be sent before the Messiah comes. The book of Malachi in the Old Testament is a prophecy at the very end, just like the book of Revelation in the New Testament, so they believed it would happen exactly like that.

Elijah ascended in a chariot of fire 900 years before Jesus came, and because he went up to heaven, they were waiting for him to come down from heaven. But suddenly, a young man with unkempt hair, Jesus, appeared and said, "I am the Messiah you have been waiting for for 4,000 years. Believe in me." Would they believe that?

If a Jew were here, I would say one thing: just like they believed that Elijah would come according to the book of Malachi, they will never meet the Messiah if they keep waiting for him for thousands of years. I have entered the spiritual world and found that this is undoubtedly true, which is why I proclaim it with my life on the line. If you cannot believe it, you should see for yourself whether it is true or not. Did Reverend Moon lie? You should see for yourself.

The Jews, who could not accept Jesus 2,000 years ago, must repent of their historical sin and must accept Jesus even now, I declare.

Let’s examine whether this became a problem in the New Testament or not, whether this is a fact. In Matthew 17:10 and following, when the disciples went out to preach, the Israelites caught them and said, "Hey, if your teacher is the Messiah, then according to the prophecy of the prophet Malachi, Elijah must come first. Who is Elijah?"

The ignorant disciples, not knowing the Scriptures, could not help but ask Jesus, "Why do the scribes say that Elijah must come first?" Jesus answered them, "Elijah does come, and he will restore all things. But I tell you that Elijah has already come, and they did not recognize him but did to him whatever they pleased." Then the disciples understood that he was speaking of John the Baptist. Is John the Baptist Elijah?

To put this in today's context, Christians are expecting the Lord to come on clouds, believing that the returning Lord will come in that way, and they are waiting for signs and wonders. If a young man appears and says, "I am the returning Lord that Christianity has been waiting for for 2,000 years," they might say, "Hey, if you are the Lord, where is the Elijah mentioned in the book of Malachi?" And if he responds, "Don't you know? That is Billy Graham," it is the same as what I just said. (Applause) Thank you.

You must understand that there is a tragic history of people who died with such conflicting stories because the Messiah, sent to fulfill God's will on this earth, was not accepted by the Jews.

When you ask Christians, "What did Jesus come for?" they will say, "He came to save all people." And if you ask, "How did he come to save?" they will answer, "He came to save by being crucified." Then let me ask you something. When the Lord comes, does Christianity hope for the Lord to come to ruin them, or do they hope for the Lord to come to do well? They hope for him to come to do well.

We must understand that the Judaism that could not accept Jesus has been without a nation for 2,000 years. Did they receive blessings? If they had believed, they would have received blessings from a thousand miles away, but by not believing and killing Jesus... they killed the central being who could save the world and fulfill God's original will, which is the greatest sin of all. There is no greater sin than this.

If the people prepared for 4,000 years had seen Elijah come riding on clouds, could they have captured and killed Jesus? No, they would not have captured him. God worked providentially in the historical Old Testament era, and is there a guarantee that He would not work providentially in the New Testament era? There are places in the Old Testament that say he will come riding on clouds and that he will send Elijah, and there are places that say he will come as a person. And in the New Testament, Revelation 1:7 certainly says he will come on clouds, but in 1 Thessalonians 5:2 it says he will come like a thief. There are dual prophecies. It says he will come this way and that way.

Now, will you believe the good part that says he will come on clouds but not believe the part that says he will come like a thief? Do as you please? Based on these historical facts, we must clarify our position today so that we do not commit sins against God's will in the future. Therefore, those who believe that he can come on clouds and also in love are wise people.

The reason Jesus was killed was because John the Baptist did not fulfill his responsibility. 

You must understand that the Jews made that mistake by believing the Bible literally, and then, because of a representative who believed the Bible, Jesus was killed. So, while the Jews did not believe, let’s see if John the Baptist, who testified that Jesus was the Messiah and the Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world, believed in Jesus. If we look at Matthew 11:2 and following, we see that John the Baptist, due to the affair of Herodias, was imprisoned and was about to die, so he sent his disciples to ask, "Are you the one who is to come, or shall we look for another?" Does that mean he believed? This is astonishing.

In a situation where the nation did not support him, the church did not support him, and he was isolated, John the Baptist thought that he would be believed, but when he doubted and asked, can you imagine how astonished Jesus must have been? Think about it. So, in verse 6, Jesus said, "Blessed is the one who is not offended by me," pointing out that John had stumbled.

And if we go down further, since the disciples had all seen him at the Jordan River, he asked them, "What did you go out to see? A reed shaken by the wind? A man dressed in soft clothing? Behold, those who wear soft clothing are in king's houses." He sarcastically pointed this out, and finally in verse 11, he said, "Truly, I say to you, among those born of women there has arisen no one greater than John the Baptist. Yet the one who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." He sarcastically pointed out that John was not as great as he thought.

So, does that mean that those in the spiritual world were not born of women? What does this mean? We did not understand what this meant until now. The mission of the prophets who came before was to testify that the Messiah would come to this earth, but those who stood in the position of minor prophets testified from a distant historical perspective, while John the Baptist, as a witness testifying directly to the Messiah, must be the greatest.

The minor prophets in the spiritual world all know that Jesus Christ is the Messiah and believe and serve him, yet John the Baptist, who testified as a great one, should have believed and served him, but he could not, so he must be the least in the spiritual world.

Let’s find out if that is true or not. Go to Matthew 11:12. It says, "From the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven has suffered violence, and the violent take it by force." This warns that there is a struggle between John the Baptist and Jesus.

Now, it was said that John the Baptist did not strive, but if he had strived, what would have happened? If he had stood in the position of striving, John the Baptist would have become the chief disciple, and his disciples would have become the 12 apostles, the 70 disciples, and the 120 disciples, and the high-ranking people of the Jewish church would have had a way to connect with Jesus. If the 12 apostles, the 70 disciples, and the Jewish church had united, there would have been no one to capture and kill Jesus. (Applause) Thank you.

If all the Jewish believers who recognized John the Baptist as a prophet had united with Jesus, who would have killed Jesus? Who? Who would have killed him? If that had happened, what would have happened? The high-ranking people would have become Jesus' apostles, and the fishermen, who are like the soles of shoes, would not have become Jesus' disciples. Is it God's will for ignorant people like Peter, tax collectors, and prostitutes to become Jesus' disciples?

Let’s see one more decisive statement regarding whether that is true or not. In John 3:26, when people were all going to Jesus to be baptized, the disciples of John the Baptist came to him and said, "Rabbi, he who was with you across the Jordan, to whom you bore witness—look, he is baptizing, and all are going to him." John the Baptist said, "He must increase, but I must decrease." This is how Christianity has regarded John the Baptist as a humble and great prophet. However, we must understand that this is the opposite position.

If they walk the same path, if Jesus increases, he will also increase; why should he decrease? It is only if Jesus fails that he will fail. This indicates that they have walked a contrary path.

We did not know that the Jews, who killed Jesus by believing the Bible literally, and John the Baptist, whom God had established, failed to fulfill their responsibilities, leading to Jesus' death.

Was Jesus' death a predetermined fact by God, or was it a sudden change? Let’s examine this. In Luke 9:30-31, it says, "And behold, two men were talking with him, Moses and Elijah, who appeared in glory and spoke of his departure, which he was about to accomplish at Jerusalem." We must understand that it was decided on the Mount of Transfiguration that he would go to the cross.

Today, Christians refer to Matthew 16:23, where Peter said, "Far be it from you, Lord! This shall never happen to you," and Jesus replied, "Get behind me, Satan!" They say, "Look, when Peter told Jesus not to die, he called him Satan, so he must have come to die." But that is not the case.

After Jesus had already decided to go to the cross on the Mount of Transfiguration, when he spoke like this, Jesus, knowing it was not God's will, could not help but point it out. Therefore, we must understand that today’s Christianity, which seeks a spiritual nation without a physical nation centered on spirit and flesh, is less than the first Israel.

Christianity is formed not by the way of the cross but by the way of resurrection. 

Let’s clarify whether today’s Christianity began because of the cross or not. 

The place where he died on the cross is a place of losing the nation of Israel and Judaism, a place where the 12 apostles betrayed him, a place where even those on his right died with him. We must understand that this is a place of total loss. Christianity cannot start from that cross. It is a place of total loss. However, we must understand that after the resurrection, during the 40 days, he gathered the disciples again, and from Pentecost onward, a new beginning of Christianity was formed. (Applause) Thank you.

We did not know that Christianity is not the way of the cross but the way of resurrection. Although they lost the nation of the physical world because of the cross, they achieved the start of the spiritual world through the resurrection, and from there, Christianity began to emerge, hoping for a spiritual heaven. 

Christianity has become a worldwide nation that is worse than the nation of Israel... 

Why did Jesus have to come to this earth in the flesh? 

The mission that the Messiah must fulfill is to find humanity from the kingdom of Satan, to expel the sovereignty of Satan, and to return to the original world of God's will. Can he come spiritually like a ghost riding on clouds? (Applause) Thank you.

In Matthew 16:19, when Jesus ascended, he entrusted the keys of the kingdom of heaven to Peter, saying, "Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." He said that the earth is important.
is a world for living
- Hope Day Banquet Speech in San Francisco -

I sincerely thank all the gentlemen and ladies gathered here this evening. Over the past few weeks, young people from various countries have caused quite a stir in San Francisco, and I believe many of you have been curious about who Reverend Moon, the person orchestrating this, really is. The person himself has appeared here tonight, so I hope you will take a good look and evaluate him, even if he is not particularly handsome. (Applause) Thank you.

Moreover, I have come to the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, and I believe Mr. Benjamin Sweet, the owner, was perhaps the first American, and a Jewish-American at that, to treat Reverend Moon with kindness when I first arrived in America. However, when I came here last June, he was not in good health and faced considerable difficulties, but seeing him healthy this time brings me immense joy. I hope you will all show him your appreciation. (Applause) Thank you.

You are all very esteemed guests, and I understand that it is customary for Americans to greet each individual in the reception line. However, as you can see, there are many attendees here, and there is no time for that, so I apologize for the inconvenience. To make up for this, I will shake hands with one man and one woman here, so please regard this as if I have greeted everyone in the reception line with applause. (Applause)

Now that the greetings are over, I would like to take a moment to speak, as I believe you might be wondering what I would talk about if I had the chance to meet Reverend Moon this evening. (Applause)

Since the audience is so large, I cannot see all of you at once, so please forgive me if I only look at the center. I must address you all directly, but due to the circumstances, I hope you will understand as I share my thoughts. Americans value time greatly, so I will keep an eye on the clock. (Laughter, Applause)

In the presence of God, the relative existence of love, ideals, peace, and happiness is humanity. It is believed that people have never ceased to pursue true and eternal love, ideals, happiness, and peace. However, in this day and age, to hope for such conditions in a world filled with change, disbelief, and conflict is… We are facing a stage of despair where everyone is suffocating.

From this perspective, if we think that we cannot achieve such an ideal world or a world of true and eternal love among ourselves, we come to the conclusion that there must be an eternal and unchanging absolute being. If such a being exists, it can only be God. Because He is eternal, unchanging, and unique, the ideals, love, peace, and happiness He desires must also be so.

From this viewpoint, as you know, words like love, ideals, peace, and happiness do not exist in isolation; they only exist in relative relationships. No matter how much God loves alone, what does it matter? If He has ideals, what does it matter? If He possesses peace and happiness, what does it matter? It cannot exist without a counterpart.

In this context, we can conclude that the only relative existence before God in this universe is humanity. If we see it this way, we realize that today, we human beings are the ones who must fulfill God's ideals, God's love, God's happiness, and God's peace. We have not recognized this value of existence.

I would like to pose a question here. Among those who have come this evening, I believe there are many prominent figures from San Francisco. When you were young, did you want to find a partner, that is, did the men want to find a wife and the women want to find a husband who was inferior to them or superior? Did you want someone inferior or superior? I believe everyone wanted someone superior. Is that true? "Yes." (Applause)

Now, consider this: there are very handsome men and beautiful women in the world, and they have just married and had their first child. However, even though the parents are the best in the world, when they look at their child, they see that the child looks peculiar, like an Idaho potato. (Laughter) But if the parents were to say, "Oh, this child is more handsome than you, mom and dad," the parents would be delighted. (Acting out) (Laughter) I believe you would all agree with that. Right? "Yes." (Applause) Good.

So, if people hope their partner is better than themselves and wish their children to be better than themselves, then who do people resemble? When asked this, we can say that people are ultimately result-oriented beings, not cause-oriented beings. If there is an absolute being that caused humanity, then humans must resemble that cause.

Now, if we ask about God, "God is absolute and lacks nothing, but do you want your counterpart and your children to be better than you?" God would respond, "I also resemble you." (Applause) What do you think? It must be so.

Considering this, God desires that we human beings are better than Himself. We have never even dreamed of this. This discovery that God wishes for me to be better than Himself is a great revelation. It is a wonderful gift.

Now, let me point out one thing we must understand. Even today, among fallen humans, even those deemed evil, when they love someone or their children, the more they love, the more they wish for them to last forever, not just for a moment.
We must understand that the more a person is loved by the eternal God, the more they desire to be eternal, which is the most theoretical fact. Even those who do not believe in religion might think, "Ah, that must be the case..." We must acknowledge that we cannot deny this ideal. Therefore, the assertion that we can be eternal is decisive. If we discover this fact, it is a great discovery. Now, let’s jump ahead because we are short on time.

God has placed the ideal standard of creation in the universe. Now you have clearly understood the relationship between subject and object, and the relationship between parent and child. Then, we cannot help but think about where the origin of eternal, true love, ideals, happiness, and peace lies, with God, the King of Wisdom, as the subject and object. 

Where did God place the ideal standard of creation? If God were to say, "Do it for Myself," then everything cannot become one. Therefore, the ideal principle's origin is not in doing for oneself but in doing for others. God had no choice but to make this decision.

If there is a couple, where can we find a true couple, a couple of eternal and unchanging love? It is in the place where each is for the other, where the husband lives for the wife and is willing to die for her, and conversely, the wife is willing to do the same for the husband. Only in this mutual giving can we find a true couple, an ideal couple, or a couple of peace and happiness; outside of this, it cannot be found.

True parents are the same. When they are born for their children, live for their children, and are willing to die for their children, there we can find true parents, ideal parents, the origin of happiness and peace.

Many of you are here, but the men might say, "Oh, as a man, I was born for myself." However, that is not true. If a man is an animal, then as a person, he was not born for himself but for the woman. This is what has been forgotten. (Applause) For women, it is the same; they were born for men. (Applause) Look at your appearances. Men are broad at the top, and women are broad at the bottom. When you take the subway in a place like New York, it can be quite a situation. However, when seated, men are broad at the top and women are broad at the bottom, which is why they fit perfectly together. It is ideally designed that way. (Applause) Thank you.

It is simple. Where will we establish the origin of peace and happiness? Instead of trying to create a world elsewhere, we should center ourselves on the idea that "I was not born for myself but for the object and the counterpart." If we discover this, all the problems of the universe will be solved. (Applause) Thank you.

What is the fall? It is self-awareness... The cause of the fall of humanity's ancestors, Adam and Eve, who destroyed God's ideal world, lies in their self-awareness and self-assertion. It is certain that the fall originated there. They should have been for God and asserted God, but it turned the other way. (Applause) Thank you.

Now, I can present you with a formula. The only place where true ideals, happiness, and the eternal world can continue is in existing for others. I hope you understand this formula.

Jesus, who prayed for his enemies, is the greatest sage among the sages. Let’s apply this formula and see if it holds true. Then, who is the most patriotic person in America? Many people answer, "Oh, it’s Abraham Lincoln." He was born in hardship, so he should have thought of ways to live for himself, but from a young age, he resolved to serve America publicly, dedicating his life and everything to this country. Because he lived for others, he could not help but be seen as such. (Applause) Thank you.

Applying this formula to the history of humanity... If we apply this formula to the question of who is the greatest sage among the sages, it must be Jesus Christ. (Applause) He did not come for himself but for humanity, lived for humanity, and died for humanity. Moreover, the fact that he prayed for those who killed him shows that he was more for humanity than anyone else. Therefore, through this principle, it is natural to conclude that Jesus Christ is the greatest sage. He loved more than anyone else. That is why the Bible, despite its 66 books, is simple. Just two phrases, "Exist for others," and that’s it. Everything can be fulfilled.

To go to the homeland, one must learn the laws of the homeland. You may not know the realities of the spirit world. Reverend Moon is an expert on the spirit world, so regarding how the spirit world is organized, only those who exist for others can enter. You must understand that this is the essence and foundation of that world.

In this world we live in, we are travelers, so we must seek the path to our homeland. To go to the homeland, we must learn the laws of the homeland. Therefore, God cannot help but teach us the principles that align with those laws. Thus, through religions that teach these principles, God has guided the historical eras.

Every high-level religion teaches us to live for others, to sacrifice, and to serve, as training to return to the world of principles. Considering that God has governed and applied these principles throughout history, we cannot deny that God has been present in the historical process.

From this perspective, I know for certain that your position in the afterlife will be determined by the proportion of your life lived for yourself versus for others. I hope that all of you here tonight, with over a thousand of you, will resolve to expand what you have done for yourselves into serving society, the nation, and the world. I believe that from now on, San Francisco will become a shining city in America. (Applause) Thank you.

Now you may know whether you can go to heaven or hell. You all know this.

Why did God have to establish the principle of living for others? Now, looking at the young people, American youth have a very entrenched individualistic ideology, and they might feel uncomfortable when told to live for others, but let’s explore why the principle of living for others had to be established.

Let me ask you one more thing. Since you all have your true nature, if someone has devoted their life and effort to you, would you want to repay them with only 50% of what they gave you, or would you want to repay them with more than 100%? What is your true heart?

Because of our true heart, when I have devoted 100% to Mr. Park, if he truly repays me, he will return more than 100%. Then, if I return with even more sincerity than 110%, it continues to grow beyond that. This is how the concept of eternity is established. Because you understand this fact, God cannot help but establish the principle of existing for others. Only here can eternal ideals be established, and only here can there be growth and prosperity. (Applause) Thank you very much.

Next, let’s explore the second reason why the principle of living for others had to be established. Those who choose to exist for others become central beings.

If you have eight family members, and the youngest child serves the family more than anyone else, naturally, over time, the parents and siblings will elevate that child as the central being. Isn’t this the reality of our daily lives? The reason is that God is such a being, and only those who live for others can become central beings. This is a fact you must understand.

Next, you all dislike being under someone else's control. Everyone dislikes it. However, think about the happiness of being under the control of someone who truly, 100% lives for you, with their life and everything. You probably haven’t even thought about that.

It’s like when you go to the spirit world, because God is such a being, being under God’s control means everything is connected. Everything is interconnected. There will be a way for everything to connect.

Now, what is the third reason? Everyone here, while living in society, thinks, "Ah, love is my love, ideals are my ideals, and love arose because of me." But that is not true. What is more precious than life for humans is love and ideals, but those love and ideals do not come from oneself; they must come through the counterpart. This is a fact we must clearly understand.

Considering these factors, you can now understand that God said that ideals can only be established through living for others.

Now, you are probably curious about who Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is. It’s simple. He is someone who aims to correct the principle of living for others. If you think of the Unification Church, you might wonder if Reverend Moon is someone whose head is a bit off, as many have dreamed of such things.

If a pastor of an established church loves his congregation, or if a congregant loves the pastor, if they say, "Yes, there is love," then that is where they can become one. (Applause) Thank you very much.

Among you, there may be many who proudly say, "I am an American citizen, and I am a patriot." However, I can challenge you here. If I serve America and the American people more than you do, then there is a way for the country and the people to serve me. Do you have confidence in that? (Applause) Thank you.

I don’t like to say this, but if you claim to serve America more than I do, serve the American people more than I do, and even serve humanity more than God does, would God dislike that? (Applause)

I have faced persecution for over forty years, but I have never made a statement in opposition. Although I have faced opposition, I have not perished. I have seen many who opposed me fail, but I have not failed, and today... "Oh, I thought the Unification Church had disappeared, but look, it is thriving even in America." I believe that if you live according to the principles, that is how it will be. (Applause) Thank you.

The path to realizing the kingdom of heaven on earth. Now that time has passed, let’s conclude. I will conclude by presenting the official trajectory or path of how humanity can achieve the true love, ideals, happiness, and peace they desire, from individuals to the world.

Husbands should live for their wives, and wives should live for their husbands. Those couples should live for their children, and that family should live for their tribe, that tribe for their nation, that nation for their country, that country for the world, and the world for God... Then God will exist for us. (Applause) Thank you.

If you apply this formula and establish these principles, the kingdom of heaven will come to your homes, and the kingdom of heaven will unfold in your society, your nation, and this chaotic world we live in. The kingdom of heaven that God can directly govern will be realized here. It is not just about knowing and believing this; you must take this knowledge and make it your life's mission to advance. This is needed in your homes, in your nations, and in the world you live in. Therefore, I hope this evening has provided you with some help, and I sincerely wish for God’s greater blessings upon you as I conclude my remarks.

Christianity's New Future
—The Day of Hope Grand Lecture in San Francisco—

I sincerely thank all of you distinguished ladies and gentlemen for being here. (Applause) Thank you. I apologize for my hoarse voice. Please forgive me. (Applause)

Humans who ate the forbidden fruit and fell. The citizens of San Francisco have likely been quite curious about Reverend Moon, who has become a controversial figure, having unexpectedly drawn young people to the city, causing further unrest. The person standing before you tonight is Reverend Moon. I may not be very handsome, but I would appreciate it if you could open your hearts and view me positively. (Applause) Thank you.

Before I speak tonight, I would like to ask one thing: the content I am about to present is not something you already know. If it is new, then please do not take offense. Whenever something new arises, it often becomes a societal issue, or it has historically led to various personal and collective problems. We must keep this in mind. So, I hope you can approach this time with patience, an open heart, and a spirit of tolerance. (Applause) Thank you.

As you know, tonight I would like to speak on the topic of "Christianity's New Future"—a vast subject indeed. 

Christians around the world say, "The time for the Lord to come has arrived. We must wait with all our hearts." When the Lord comes, Christianity, as well as the world, will undoubtedly undergo a new transformation, entering into a world of glory.
is a matter of great importance. When we think about why the Lord comes, it is undoubtedly to fulfill God's will. However, if we do not clearly understand what God's will is, we cannot truly welcome the Lord. God is absolute, eternal, unchanging, and unique, so it is natural to say that His established will is forever one and cannot be two. After creating all things, God created humanity at the very end. The purpose of this creation is to fulfill His will, and this is indisputable.

As taught in the Bible, God placed Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden and commanded them not to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, warning them that they would surely die on the day they ate from it. When God gave this command to humanity, it was not with the intention of wanting them to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, but rather with the desire that they would not eat from it. We cannot overlook this. However, humanity disobeyed God's intention and ate from the tree, leading to the Fall. Here, the term "Fall" signifies a breakdown or malfunction, indicating that humanity became sick.

Now, what we need to understand is what God's original will is. We must clearly grasp this. What would the world have been like if the Fall had not occurred? Let's briefly discuss this.

The world where humanity did not fall
Since Adam and Eve were created centered on God as siblings, if they had grown up under God's protective nurturing and in His love, a true tradition of siblings that God could call true would have been established in this world that did not fall.

So, what was the purpose of creating one man and one woman? If they had matured without falling under God's protection, what would God have done? Since God is a Father, He would have surely blessed the two siblings to become the ideal couple that He desires.

If that had happened, the tradition of what a true couple should be, which would please God, would have remained in this historical age. If that couple had given birth to children in love, those children would have been good, innocent sons and daughters born from a sinless true couple. Thus, the tradition of good children would have undoubtedly been established.

If this had occurred, it would have been natural for an ideal family centered on parents and children to be established on this earth, a family that God could eternally love. (Applause) Thank you. In such a family, protected by God's love, an ideal family with true parents, true couples, and true children loving one another would have horizontally developed into an ideal lineage, ideal nations, and an ideal world.

That place would undoubtedly be a world where there is no need for the religions we believe in today, no need for a Savior, a world free from the temptations of Satan, governed directly by God. There would be no hell there. It would be a place where families could enter all at once, where lineages could enter all at once, and where nations and the world could simply move in together, becoming the heavenly kingdom. God is the Lord and King who governs both the heavenly and earthly worlds, so that kingdom and world cannot be anything but governed by God. Therefore, that place must be the earthly paradise on earth and the heavenly paradise in heaven. This is a natural conclusion.

If this had happened, there would be no miserable history on this earth, and there would be no division among nations today, whether they be American, Korean, Black, White, or Yellow. This world would have created a single nation, a single culture, and a single world as descendants of Adam. (Applause) Thank you. 

That world is neither the democratic world we live in today nor the communist world. It is a world governed eternally and unchangingly by God as the eternal sovereign according to the heavenly constitution. If this had happened, you would be a people who could enter the heavenly kingdom as soon as you are born, establishing the traditions of brothers, couples, and children as good people, living in an ideal family, and having the foundation to move to the heavenly kingdom. However, that original will of God has not been fulfilled due to the Fall of humanity, and we must recognize that God has never been able to fulfill that will even in the providential history of saving the fallen world until now.

What results have occurred due to humanity's Fall?
Now you may have understood what God's will is. What we believe today... the providence of salvation was not originally part of God's original will of creation. Because humanity could not achieve that original world and fell by eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, due to this breakdown, humanity became beings who cannot help but be repaired, or beings in need of a doctor.

We must also understand well the results of the Fall. In John 8:44, Jesus pointed out that "the devil is our father." Even though God should be our Father, the devil has become our father. What is the result of this? In John 12:31, it is pointed out that the devil has become the ruler of this world, indicating that God is not the sovereign of this world. This world was created by God, yet He cannot be the owner of it, and the enemy of God, the devil, has become the king. This is the gift and consequence of the Fall that you must understand.

As a result, today we humans have inherited the tradition of sinful brothers, the tradition of sinful couples, and we have raised sinful children, forming sinful families that oppose God, leading to tribes, nations, and a world that fight against each other. It is undoubtedly the intention of Satan to create a world of impure sin that destroys God's will and seeks to govern this world forever. You have sinful parents, but you have never had sinless parents.

What is God's desire and the purpose of the Messiah's coming and the mission of Christianity?
So what is God's desire? It is to restore humanity, which was taken away by the devil, back to the position it was in before it was taken away, to smash the devil's kingship and restore God's kingship. If God does not do this, no one else can.

Then what is the purpose of the Messiah's coming? Now that you understand God's will, you must know why the Messiah came. The Messiah came to fulfill God's will, and it is a natural conclusion that He came to remove the conditions that oppose the fulfillment of God's will. Since the devil has a kingdom that opposes God, God must feel a responsibility to establish a kingdom stronger than the devil's kingdom if there is a church that follows Him. (Applause)

He needs individuals on the side of heaven who are stronger than individuals in the world of Satan, families aligned with heaven that are stronger than families in the world of Satan, and tribes, nations, and countries on the side of heaven that are stronger than those in the world of Satan.

Therefore, such preparations must be made. To make these preparations, there must be organizations and groups that inherit that mission and prepare. The representative of that organization is religion. You must understand that this is the mission of religion. The central religion is Judaism, and the central nation established is the chosen people of Israel. The existence of the chosen people affirms that God exists.

For 4,000 years, God chose the chosen people of Israel and promised to send the Messiah. Therefore, the people of Israel, who long for the coming of the Messiah, see welcoming the Messiah as their greatest hope above all else. Thus, Judaism and the people of Israel must unite with the Messiah.

Now, you see that Judaism hopes for the coming of the Messiah, Christianity hopes for the coming of the Messiah, and today the Unification Church hopes for the coming of the Messiah. But how many Messiahs are there? To fulfill one will, there can only be one Messiah appearing within one will of God, not two. (Applause) Thank you.

When we center on God's will and the Messiah, Judaism is the eldest, Christianity is the second, and the Unification Church is the third. They are like three brothers. (Applause) Now, would God want these three churches that hope for the Messiah to become enemies and fight against each other? Regarding Reverend Moon, the Jews call him anti-Semite, and Christians call him a heretic. What is this? We must become one. We must create unity. (Applause) Thank you.

When we ask, "God, what is Your desire?" and ask the Messiah, "What is Your desire?" He would answer, "My desire is for the brothers on earth to become one." 

Thus, Reverend Moon is saying he wants to stop the brothers from fighting. Listen. Are you opposing without even listening? We must discern right from wrong, and if someone is wrong, they should be punished or dealt with, and we must achieve harmony. We must settle all disputes. Otherwise, there is no way to become one, is there? Yet, people oppose without listening? (Applause) On the contrary, what Reverend Moon is saying is logical, it makes sense. If science can prove hypothetical results, then we can say it is scientific. But do you believe blindly? Do you think you can go to heaven without understanding? That kind of thinking must be abandoned.

What is God's desire, and what is Jesus' desire? It is for the divided Christianity of over 400 denominations to become one. Furthermore, it is to unite Judaism, the Unification Church, and ultimately all religions and all humanity into one. (Applause) Thank you.

So what is the purpose of the Messiah's coming? It is to break the sovereignty of Satan, to bring humanity back to the side of heaven, to expel Satan, and to unite with Christianity today to complete the providence of salvation. In other words, we must clearly understand that the mission of the Messiah is to complete the restoration providence to return to the world of God's original will.

If the Messiah comes, should He follow the Pope of Rome? Should He follow any elder or president of a Methodist church? No, He cannot. They must follow the Messiah. Whether individuals or churches, all of Christianity must unite and follow the coming Messiah.

So what is the mission of Christianity? Whether we live or die, the mission of Christianity is to unite around the commands and purposes of the Messiah. This is also the mission of religion. We must clearly understand that this is the mission of religion. (Applause) Thank you.

God must save the world even at the cost of sacrificing Christianity.
You must understand that in order for the Messiah to defeat the kingdom of Satan, there must be a nation on the side of heaven. There cannot be a lack of nations or tribes. There must also be families, and there must be individuals who are perfectly united with God. This is a natural conclusion that you must understand.

Now you know what God's will is, what the mission of the Messiah is, and what the mission of the church is. Therefore, you must understand that you need to unite with the Messiah and work together to defeat Satan and bring all of humanity in the world of Satan back to God. Today, Christian believers say, "I believe and will go to heaven. Even if the world perishes, as long as I..." But that is not the case. That mindset is wrong. (Applause) Thank you.

Today, the perspective of believers, their faith perspective, is for themselves, not for God's will or for the world. They do not possess that perspective. Such a self-centered perspective must be resolved and removed at some point. Have today's Christians believed, "I will save the world and fulfill God's will. I believe even if I die for God's will"?

Now, let's check through the Bible whether this is true. You all know the verse from John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." Is God a God who only loves Christianity? Did you not realize that God is a God who must save the world even at the cost of sacrificing Christianity? (Applause) Thank you.

You cannot excuse that. Why? Let's ask Jesus and God. If we ask Jesus, "Jesus, you came as the Savior, do you want to be the Savior of Christianity only, or do you want to be the Savior of humanity?" And if we ask God, "God, do you want to be the God of Christianity only?" God would say He wants to be the God of humanity, even if He cannot be the God of Christianity, and Jesus would want to be the Savior of humanity, not just of Christianity. From this perspective, if there is a Christianity that only seeks to save itself, that Christianity must be discarded. It must be destroyed. (Applause) Thank you.

If Christianity had the faith perspective that Reverend Moon speaks of, the world would have already become one. The sovereignty of Satan would have been completely eliminated, and everyone would have returned to God's side. That is why Reverend Moon was sent to warn, whether people listen or not. (Applause) Thank you. Now you understand the mission of Christianity.

So what is the Bible? Who created these over 400 denominations? Jesus did not create them. The Bible did. It was not Jesus who created them. You must understand this. All these 400 churches believe in one Jesus. God's will is one, and Jesus' will is one; can there be so many?

When God sent people to this earth to lay the foundation for heaven during the historical age, if He establishes heavenly people under the kingship of Satan, that person becomes an informant for the heavenly kingdom. However, Satan knows that if a heavenly informant comes and establishes a foundation, his sovereignty will collapse, and he will be expelled. So would he just let them be? He would try to kill them all.

When the relationship between America and the Soviet Union was intense, they sent spies to each other to conduct operations. But when the CIA director gives orders for operations against the Soviet Union, does he issue them in a public document? They are given in code. You must understand that the Bible is written as a coded message from God to His informants on this earth.

That is why Jesus said He spoke in parables, and at the end of days, He told us to negotiate with God, not just to read the Bible.
but we must understand that it was not a predetermined fact but a sudden event. 

So when did Jesus decide to return? We find this in Luke 9:30 and following, which states, "When Jesus went up on the mountain to pray, Moses and Elijah appeared in glory and spoke about his departure, which he was about to bring to fulfillment at Jerusalem." This was decided on the Mount of Transfiguration.

From this point, Jesus could not avoid being given over to the cross and the world of Satan. Why? Because he lost the nation and the people. Jesus' body represented the nation, and his heart represented the spiritual world. Since the world of Satan dominated the nation, Satan was in a position to take Jesus' body. Jesus was supposed to fulfill the heavenly kingdom on earth and in heaven, but he lost the nation prepared by Satan for 4,000 years, so we must understand that he had no choice but to surrender his body.

Today, Christians believe that Jesus came to die as a fact, but we must realize that it was not the intention of God for Jesus to die.
What are you talking about? If you look at Matthew 16:21 and onwards in the Bible, when Jesus says He will go up to Jerusalem and die on the cross, Peter says, "Never, Lord!" and Jesus responds, "Get behind me, Satan." This shows that Jesus surely came to die, but Peter was telling Him not to, which is why he was called Satan. This is how it is being viewed. This statement reflects Peter's lament that he, who had been on the Mount of Transfiguration with Jesus and was ecstatic, later fell asleep and did not realize that Jesus was about to die. Even though it had already been decided before God that He would die, Peter was trying to dictate what should or shouldn't happen. One must understand that this was already decided on the Mount of Transfiguration.

In the end, even though He should have completed the spirit and flesh to fulfill His purpose, He had no choice but to hand over the entire nation and people to Satan. Therefore, God had to develop the providence of secondary spiritual salvation, which is the beginning of Christianity.

Christianity, which only established a spiritual foundation through Jesus' death
Thus, the Christian church did not emerge looking for a physical kingdom on earth; rather, it had to abandon the physical world and aim for spiritual salvation, coming forth with Jesus as the spiritual kingdom and spiritual Messiah. In other words, while the nation of Israel had a land and could possess a chosen national sovereignty, today's global Christianity is a spiritual nation of the Second Israel, lacking a sovereign state or land. Christians stand within the spiritual realm of the Second Israel, hence they do not have a physical foundation but only a spiritual one. Because of this, the Lord cannot help but return, as the original intention of God to complete the earthly kingdom centered on spirit and flesh has not been fulfilled.

Today, I declare to you all. At the place of the cross, it was not God who triumphed, but Satan who won. You cannot deny that Jesus proclaimed in the Garden of Gethsemane that "the hour has come" and that it was the time of darkness. The cross is the place where God lost the nation He had prepared for 4,000 years, the place where He lost the church of Israel, and the place where He lost John the Baptist and the twelve disciples, and everything else. You must understand this.

You must know that there was no Christianity at the cross. When did Christianity start? It began after Jesus died and resurrected three days later, meeting with His disciples who had opposed Him for 40 days, and it started after the Holy Spirit descended. Therefore, for 2,000 years, Christians have believed without realizing that Christianity arose not from the doctrine of the cross but from the doctrine of resurrection. Since Christianity began on the foundation of Jesus' resurrection, it is a spiritual Christianity.

Now, let's examine whether this is true or not based on Jesus' words. If Jesus' death on the cross was to fulfill God's will, then His prayer in Gethsemane was wrong. If so, He would not qualify as the Messiah. It is truly astonishing. As the Messiah, He prayed three times, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me; yet not as I will, but as you will." Can such a prayer be made? If He came to die, He should have rewarded Judas Iscariot. How do you interpret the statement, "It would have been better for that man if he had not been born"?

Jesus knew that if He did not die, the nation of Israel would continue to exist as it was, and the Jewish people would remain as they were. However, He also knew that if He died on the cross, countless future generations would have to follow the path of the cross, and many Christians would suffer, and the Lord would return to endure suffering as well. Therefore, you must understand that He could not help but pray like that in Gethsemane. Today, Christians say that Jesus prayed such a prayer because He had a physical body and was concerned about the pain of death, but that is superficial.

Then, as He died on the cross, how do you interpret Jesus' words, "Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?—My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" (Matthew 27:46)?

When Jesus said, "It is finished" (John 19:30) while dying on the cross, what does that mean? He came to fulfill His mission centered on spirit and flesh, but because He could not fully accomplish God's will on this foundationless earth, He understood that He had to leave a foundation for the providence of spiritual salvation, even if it meant bearing the cross. He gave everything to lay that foundation, thus saying that He had completed it.

You have never even dreamed of such things, have you? The Lord, who came to fulfill God's will, to destroy the kingdom of Satan, to eliminate the reign of Satan, and to seek humanity, died in such a miserable way. Now, you must know that Christianity and Judaism must repent and unite. We must prepare to welcome the Lord who is coming.

You see, Reverend Moon has received the heavenly mandate to "proclaim to the American people, make it known!" and has come to America to do this for three years. Whether you believe it or not, you must understand that it is God's command and cannot be ignored. (Applause)

Truth must align with theory. It is time for Christians worldwide to unite to break away from the blind faith era and prepare to manage and save this world. Therefore, you must understand that the time for unity has come. (Applause) Thank you.

How will the Lord come? If you look at the Bible, it is prophesied in both ways. However, I will introduce to you that the passage where the Lord comes on the clouds does not align with the verses where Jesus directly spoke with His disciples before ascending to heaven. In Luke 17:22, it is written, "The time will come when you will long to see one of the days of the Son of Man, but you will not see it." It says that the day of the Son of Man will not come in a way that can be seen. So, why can't you see Him coming on the clouds?

There is a remarkable statement below. "But first, He must suffer many things and be rejected by this generation. Just as it was in the days of Noah, so also will it be in the days of the Son of Man." (Luke 17:25-26) You must understand that it declares that historical facts will repeat. How can it be like the days of Noah if He comes on the clouds, and how can He be rejected on this earth? Who would crucify Him? Who would persecute Him? Yet, today, Christians around the world believe He will come on the clouds. If He comes as a person, will that happen? It surely will. If He comes as a person, the fate of Christianity will be the same as that of Judaism. It will become an enemy of God.

Then, in Luke 18:8, it says, "When the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on the earth?" We know that this is a final statement indicating that faith cannot be found. If He comes on the clouds, why can't faith be found? Even during the 400 years of persecution in Rome, there were still Christians left, yet faith could not be found? However, if humanity believes He will come on the clouds, what will happen if He comes as a person? Was there even one person among the Jews who believed in Jesus back then? It will be the same, which is why it says faith cannot be found.

Next, in Matthew 7:21, it says, "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven." Did you know the will of the Father? It continues, "Many will say to me on that day, 'Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and in your name drive out demons and in your name perform many miracles?' Then I will tell them plainly, 'I never knew you. Away
It was then that we had to overcome the process of doing.
Thus, we finally established a base on the ground and witnessed the beginning of a family in 1960. From that year, the third seven-year course began. You must understand that from that time until 1981, we were in a period of restoration, moving towards a worldwide total restoration period. Therefore, the 21 years were set as the periods of rebirth, growth, and completion.
Through this period, the teacher indicated that regardless of any persecution or trials from the nation and the people, one must achieve personal victory. The teacher had to bear all the crosses and achieve victory before the overall cross before 1960. 
In the process of trials, everything was overcome, and centered around 1960, we entered the period of family trials. Therefore, based on the teacher's victory, we must surpass the first seven-year course, and from that time, the seven years represent the mother's trial period. The mother must appear on this earth and overcome various trials. This is the period of establishing a foundation for the family. 
During this period, the mother should not oppose simply because it is difficult. For those seven years, as a woman, she must absolutely obey and establish the conditions of restoration by overcoming trials before God, and completely establish the relative standard before the teacher. This is the trial period as a mother. She must endure all the hardships that a woman must face in the human world, digest them centered on God's will, and overcome them.
However, the mother does not cross this path as the center herself. It is through complete unity based on the foundation of the teacher's victory that she can cross over. What this means is that the woman must bear the cross of being the teacher's wife. 
Due to the fall, Adam could not take responsibility for what he should have, and because he could not govern Eve and bind her to God's will, this must be restored. In other words, it is the time when Adam must take responsibility for the cross that Eve, as Adam's wife, must bear and create that wife. Just as Eve was created in the likeness of Adam, during this period, the existence of the mother must be completely reshaped through the father, in other words, through Adam, and must surpass the conditions of Satan's accusations. Without this, the standard of the mother cannot be established.
Therefore, this first seven-year course was the most troublesome period for the teacher because of the mother, because of the woman. It was a time to overcome such a cross. As you learned in the principle, the stages of rebirth and growth are the stages in which Adam and Eve fell, so to surpass those stages, one must go through such a cross.
Until the Day of Parents, the Day of Children, the Day of All Things, and the Day of God is established, what is the fall? It is that Adam and Eve fell without surpassing the growth stage. (Pointing to what he wrote) Therefore, we must go up in the opposite direction. To do this, since Adam fell under Eve's dominion, Adam must govern Eve to rise. Since they fell centered on Satan's love, they must rise centered on God's love. They must ascend one step.
To surpass this period, it is not enough to just surpass Adam and Eve. Because they lost the entire world due to the fall, this must be taken up as well. What comes next? Since the children also fell, they must be restored and brought up. However, there are no sons and daughters who understand this content. There is no one except the teacher. Therefore, this was a mission that had to be taken on. One must take responsibility as the owner of all things, as a son and daughter, and as a husband. One must fulfill all these responsibilities.
Because of the fall, the husband could not take responsibility, the son could not take responsibility, and all things were lost. Therefore, these things must be restored internally, and through that process, the Day of All Things, the Day of Children, and the Day of Parents are established, and everything is restored. This is done during this seven-year period.
Thus, by the end of this seven-year period, the Day of God is established, surpassing the peak of restoration. Here, one must surpass this seven-year period to establish the Day of God. The Day of God cannot come forth without reaching this point. (Pointing to what he wrote) By establishing the Day of God within the direct dominion, we finally conclude the first seven-year course, the path that Adam and Eve must take, the original path they must walk.
Then, not only will the parents, Adam and Eve, be eternal, but humanity must also be eternal with the parents. For all of humanity like this, the teacher is restoring through the family. (Pointing to what he wrote) Therefore, all our sons and daughters must be born in this and must listen to the mother’s words and come out united. During this period, many restoration activities occur in the teacher's family. Even the children could not grow up with peace of mind during this period. They grew up without being able to let go of their minds.
Therefore, during this period, there were also unfortunate incidents in the family. You must understand that all these things are inevitable in the history of restoration. Thus, ultimately, a foundation was laid as parents, finishing the first seven-year course and establishing the Day of God. This is what it means to have surpassed this.
The growth stage starts from here. (Pointing to what he wrote) Isn’t this the seven-year course? Can one rise without parents? Therefore, this is the Day of God. Now, what happens? The parents have surpassed, but the children have not yet surpassed.
During this period, all the blessed families were established as representative families that could restore the entire satanic world, and they were to surpass that. However, these families have not yet surpassed it.
Then what kind of families are the blessed families that follow the teacher? You must understand that they are representative families that must restore the world.
The second seven-year course to lift the children’s families
Now, therefore, entering the second seven-year course…. The second seven-year course is where the teacher has risen, but this must be lifted. (Pointing to what he wrote) Ultimately, the second seven-year course is the period of lifting the children’s families.
Therefore, in the second seven-year course, in 1970, the teacher blessed families worldwide, and what started right after that was the three-year family course. A three-year family trial course unfolded. During that period, just as the teacher's family was aligned, all those families were aligned as well. This was a significant event. Therefore, the couples must separate and then deal with the children.
Ultimately, what does that mean? Today, centered on Korea, these families are to become offerings to save the nation. Ultimately, they must become one with the nation. They must become one. You know the principle of Cain and Abel, but our Unification Church families must stand in a position where they can offer everything and sacrifice everything before the families of the nation and the satanic world, and be grateful for that. Through this, they have performed events that have never been seen in history in Korea. This is an unprecedented event.
“If the citizens of this country become a people like the members of the Unification Church, the nation will surely be saved, will surely be revealed to the world, and will surely become a nation that can boast before the world.” This is the kind of awareness that must be instilled in the entire nation. “Those people are doing such things for the family, for the purpose, for God.” This must be made possible.
During such a period, it is not about materially helping after breaking the family apart. It is about completely breaking apart. Therefore, it led to the truly miserable act of taking all one’s children to an orphanage and bringing them to one’s ancestral home.
From this perspective, the sons and daughters born in blessed families were in an environment where they could oppose their parents. They were all in an environment where they could oppose. In America, children abandon their parents, but they were the opposite. Even if such opposing phenomena occur, children must not stand in a position of disrespect towards their parents or oppose them; they must stand in a position where they can follow and care for their parents.
When we look at American women, they tend to govern their husbands, but in the mother’s era, the opposite must occur. They must completely be governed and obey. The opposite must occur. Restoration works like that. In places like America, it is the opposite of us, but we must go in the opposite direction.
God is conducting a worldwide providential history, establishing the conditions for restoration and overcoming them. We must understand this fact. There is no time to discuss the details.
Most children are under ten years old, so no matter how much their parents suffer, they cannot think of opposing them at that age. These children who have been trampled and sacrificed in the world become a conditional foundation that can restore the families of the world and the children of the world, something that the people of the world cannot even dream of.
Then, during this period, you must understand that there must be Cain and Abel. The mother must also go through a trial process like Cain and Abel, and for our Seongjin, there must also be a trial process like Cain and Abel. Looking at our Seongjin, this period is a dangerous time where if one missteps, it could lead to opposition and the destruction of the family.
Therefore, when the teacher says that he must bear the personal cross, the wife’s cross, and the son’s cross, this becomes established. One must understand that one cannot overcome the wife’s cross, the cross related to women, or the son’s cross. Because the teacher walked that path, the husbands of blessed families must do the same. They must surpass the personal cross, the family cross, and the son’s cross. Otherwise, they will be caught here.
Therefore, if the husband says, “I must follow the will,” the wife must say, “Yes,” and if the parents say, “We must do this,” the son must say, “Yes.” Do you understand? “Yes.” You must understand that restoration cannot be achieved easily. Thus, all our families went through a period of trials until 1972 while receiving persecution during this three-year course.
Establishing a foundation to find the nation and the world spiritually through activities in America
So what happens? If Korea persecuted the Unification Church families, then the next responsibility remains for the nation. Since Korea must fulfill the mission of the sons and daughters from the position of Cain and Abel, a Korean trial era comes into being.
Now, centered on the foundation established by the conditions of restoration where parents and families are united, this is an Abel-like standard, so looking at the nation, it becomes like this. The nation is Cain, and the Unification Church is Abel.
Now, when looking at Korea externally, a new hope for the world emerges from here. Externally, it will flourish and establish a new national system, positioning itself in the world. This nation must ultimately follow the Unification Church. It must not fail to follow the Unification Church.
From this perspective, it does not end at the national standard. To open the door to the world standard, one must surpass the national standard. You must understand that this is a significant event in the spiritual realm.
Then, if Reverend Moon works in America for a year and two months and returns, will the American people think, “Wow, Reverend Moon is returning successfully,” or will they think he failed? “Successfully….” Not you, but what do the American people think? “Successfully….” Everyone thinks, “Ah, he succeeded as an Oriental person.” It must be that way. This is an undeniable fact, isn’t it? “It is an undeniable fact.” 
The American people will likely think that even more than you do. The New York Times and other newspapers will say that Reverend Moon achieved great success centered around Madison Square Garden. What do you think? “I think he succeeded.” (Applause) How about the members of the Unification Church around the world? Will they say the teacher did well or not? Will they say he succeeded or failed? “I think he succeeded.” Then, what will the spiritual realm think? “I think he succeeded.” (Applause) No matter how you think about it, this is undoubtedly a victory for the teacher. Even if this decisive conclusion is reached, it cannot be denied that it is valid. Even those who oppose will say, “That was a great success, heh heh.” (Laughter) Even the communists will think so. (Applause) With this much accomplished, we can conclude that “We have won.”
Jacob fought with an angel and won, receiving the name Israel. From this perspective, having won on behalf of the nation and the world and having surpassed a decisive trial period, today’s position is a significant point where God can decide to bless the global Israel realm. (Applause)
The teacher speaking publicly and addressing everyone is happening for the first time in America. He has not done this in Korea until now. What does this mean? Jesus’ mission was to transcend the nation and be global, so for the teacher to convey that will and fully restore it, he must step onto a global stage for the first time. You must understand that this is a principle, and even if he wanted to, he could not step forward until now.
Jesus lost all spiritual and physical standards centered on the nation of Israel, but the teacher has laid the foundation to find the nation centered on the spiritual standard and to find the world centered on the spiritual standard. This is an astonishing fact that you must understand. From this perspective, the spiritual First Israel and the spiritual Second Israel, that is, the nation of Israel centered on Judaism and Christianity, and America are spiritually connected here, allowing us to transition into an era where we can resurrect.
In the time of Jesus, all this was divided. But now, it is gradually becoming spiritually connected.
Thus, the time has come to make a new start in an era where we can restore the substantial Israel, the substantial democratic world, and the substantial world.
Korea establishing itself in Asia and the world
Therefore, what must be done here? What kind of nation must fulfill a representative mission of restoration? It is Korea. This second seven-year course is about whether Jesus can carry the nation and move forward with it or not.
This is a critical period that determines whether we will proceed or not. Centered around the second seven-year course of our Unification Church, we must recognize that Korea faces a desperate fate of being boycotted on the world stage or in Asia for four months starting in September. When Jesus transcended national standards, he failed to establish a substantial foundation, which led to his downfall. For Korea to navigate through this process, it must establish a substantial standard, and it is here that the question of whether Korea exists in Asia or the world will be decided.

Therefore, you must focus on this period starting from September 18, 1974, when we held a rally at Madison Square Garden, and during these 20 days... It actually started ten days prior. Ultimately, Japan became a problem, and Korea found itself isolated in Asia. It was completely surrounded, uniting with China and Japan, and with China and North Korea coming together, it was a time when Korea was being pushed out. There was a total mobilization against us. They are trying to unify in that direction. We are in such a dire situation.

Now, with these issues at hand, the Korean problem is urgent. So, when Prime Minister Tanaka came to Washington, we were preparing to demonstrate, and until now, we have been fighting behind the scenes, with the teacher playing a central role. You may not know, but we have managed to mitigate issues that the State Department and the Korean Embassy claimed responsibility for through our demonstrations, putting Korea in a position where it has no choice but to bow its head before the teacher, to ask for help. At that time, Korea had no choice but to ask me for everything. You may not know, but the highest official of the Korean Embassy came to greet the teacher and expressed gratitude. (Applause) The Korean government also sent people.

This shows that on the victorious foundation of Madison Square Garden, connected to the spiritual world, the physical foundation of Korea has been established, which is remarkable. Even guests from Korea attended. (Applause)

At the same time as this internal struggle, Korea has established its position in Asia, and now the Korean issue has emerged as a problem for the UN, a global issue. In the communist bloc, the most vicious Kim Il-sung of North Korea brought up the issue of disbanding the UN forces stationed in Korea at the UN General Assembly, which signifies the end of the democratic world and the realization of the ideals of the democratic world.

The issue of disbanding the UN forces was raised there. The countries that restricted this at the UN General Assembly included 34 countries, including North Korea, while 22 countries supported the extension as per South Korea's claim. Due to this significant difference, it was generally expressed that North Korea would achieve a great victory regarding the Korean issue at the UN. There is no time to discuss this in detail.

This year, the teacher has already thought about the conditions under which we can achieve victory on the world historical stage at the UN. Therefore, centered around this issue, Japanese women raised humanitarian issues and, in a way that seemed like a trick, we managed to gain support from 50 countries. Because of this, the 750 members of the Unification Church, consisting of Westerners and Asians, gathered and fasted for a week, which was a historical event. You need to understand that this was the most urgent issue.

The problem is North Korea. The issue was how to target North Korea. Surrounded on all sides, we were completely encircled in such a way that there was no escape from our operations. So, centered around December 8, we voted twice. The proposal from Korea won 61 to 42, and then the proposal from North Korea ended in a tie at 48 to 48, resulting in Korea's victory. Thus, the UN forces remained in Korea. Democracy won there, and it was an automatic victory. It was as if it had never happened. If Reverend Moon had not been involved in that issue, it would not have been a problem at all. All the ambassadors of the world, as well as the observers who attended, and certainly no one from the relevant authorities in Korea could deny that it became a decisive condition.

We concluded that we could establish the conditions for the restoration of both the spiritual and physical foundations centered on national standards and the global standards. (While writing on the board) Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Now, we must establish the conditions for the restoration of those physical and spiritual standards. The global spiritual and physical standards have not yet been connected. Therefore, we need to connect them. After the lectures in eight cities, I will return to Korea and make a global proclamation centered on the spiritual and physical historical standards, which will be the third seven-year course. (While writing on the board) Thus, the conclusion is that we have already completed the conditions for a national start centered on the spiritual and physical.

Now, what remains? If we have connected the Christian cultural sphere centered on the spiritual three-year period, then we have a remaining period to connect the physical world foundation centered on the physical three-year period. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You must not be unaware of this.

Thus, during the years 1977 and 1978, there remains a mission field for the teacher to establish a global foundation spiritually and physically. Therefore, during these seven years, we must lay the foundation for the global restoration and return centered on the spiritual and physical. This is the teacher's mission, and you must understand this. We must complete the global foundation centered on the spiritual and physical. This means that during these three years, we must lay all the foundations in America. The teacher must do this even for the physical foundation. (Applause)

So, you must understand how difficult this is. Once this is over, we will push forward into the world as it is. Spiritually, we will push into the world starting next year. That is the international mobile unit. It is a movement to take a step from America toward the world. Now, by the time of the Washington conference in 1976, I expect that the foundation will be completely laid. Once that is done, there will be no persecution for the teacher, wherever he goes in the democratic world.

You must understand that this is a serious time to transcend the world historical process. If we cannot lay such a foundation within the three-year period, we must recognize that there will be a path of suffering for us. If we cannot lay that foundation, the threat of the communist world will dominate the entire world. This includes America. Therefore, you must understand that we bear this factual duty that America as a country and the American people cannot fulfill today.

We must do this by April 1978, but it can be extended until August of that year. This is crucial. You must understand that it is decisive. The teacher has known that a decisive time is coming while carrying out this work until now. If we had not prepared this with the Japanese association leaders three years ago, how would we have carried out the UN operation? It is possible because we anticipated that. Likewise, we must prepare because we anticipate that this is such a time.

Now, you are not the only ones doing this. The teacher is taking the lead. And all people, both white and black, must come together, and you should not complain about following the teacher.

Centered on the teacher, mothers, and then sons and daughters... Since this nation has become like this, the world must also become like this. This third seven-year course is entering a global era, and you, people from foreign lands, with different languages and skin colors, must unite centered on the Eastern teacher, completely centered on God. Here, we must cultivate a brotherly heart towards each other, just as the members of our Unification Church united during the time of persecution in Korea, the people of the world must also completely unite during this three-year period, recognizing that a world historical mission era has come.

Now, the American women members and Western women members have all come out with a sense of self-importance until now, but that is not the case. From now on, we must think about uniting centered on men. Do not even dream of thinking about uniting centered on yourself. Why? Because we must follow the path that the mother has taken. Instead, men must bear the cross! They must take responsibility. If there is a place to die, they must go first. Husbands must stand in a position where they say, "If there is a need to die, I will die for my wife and for the family."

That is what Jesus did when he died on the cross. He died representing the Holy Spirit. That is how it should be. Why must men die first? Because if they sacrifice their lives first, they become the center. If we do not create this order in America, America will perish. This is not just the teacher's thought; it is a principle of creation that many Unification Church members know well. Do our women understand? "Yes." Those who know the principle will understand.

Therefore, our Unification Church women are different. And the men are also different. They are different from other American men. Couples who are bound together like this must become parents who can stand in a position to sacrifice their lives for their children, rather than seeking their own satisfaction.

What are American families? They think about how their children will be, centered on the parents... But we are the opposite. We must think of our children as more important than ourselves. However, in America, everyone thinks of themselves as important. That is how different it is. It is different. And while Americans think more about their families than their country, we think more about our country. It is different. Everything is different.

So, what do the American people truly desire? Do they want the current family system, the current parent-child relationship, and the current national perspective, or do they want what the Unification Church proposes? "The Unification Church..." They cannot do it, but they will have to want it. It is only here that there can be hope.

The day before yesterday, I mentioned to the executives that until now we have managed the household, but from now on, we will separate everything. We must completely divide everything. I instructed that. In Western society... If we worked for the nation in Korea, then Western people, representing the world, must do such work for the world. There must be families doing this for three years. The people who must stand at the forefront and say, "We will take responsibility for the world family!" are these Western members. Shouldn't it be so?

We must step up from Korea, the foundation, to the world stage of America.

Therefore, we must open the doors globally. From the end of 1972 to the present in 1974, you must understand that the three-year course has been about uniting the people of the world centered around the land of America. This is something I have not even spoken about in Korea, but I am telling you first. If you do not understand this, you will not know how the providential will unfolds in the future. So now you must return and explain this to everyone and align history for the future.

Until the year 1972, which is the midpoint of the second seven-year course in Korea, we have established a subjective, spiritual standard that our Unification Church must be at the center of the world based on spiritual standards. We have transitioned into an era where it can be generalized that religion must be like the Unification Church and ideology must be like Unification Church ideology. To get to this point, we have done many things that can influence the entire nation. Just the activities of our Victory Federation alone have educated 17 million people. Ultimately, it means that there is no one in South Korea who has not attended our lectures, which is half the population.

Because we have done such work, it is a general view that there is no one other than Teacher Moon who can take responsibility to prevent Kim Il-sung in the current Victory Line. Not only that, but it is the same in Japan, in China, and we have laid the support base for such issues in Asia. You may not know, but we have reached a stage where only the teacher can influence the policy issues of the Japanese Liberal Democratic Party. Do you recognize that? "Yes." Moreover, during this historical process spanning seven years, we have paved the way to step beyond national authority into the world.

During the three years centered around America, until the second seven-year course, it was a time when Satan attacked heaven, but while the teacher was attacked in Korea, starting from the third seven-year course, we are entering an era that transcends global standards, so from here, we must attack towards America. In the past, Cain attacked Abel, but now Abel is attacking Cain. Until now, Christianity has been the representative opposition. Satan has attacked, but since we established the conditions for restoration through the attacks until 1971 in the second seven-year course, we have now entered a time when Satan must submit. We have entered a time when Satan must be attacked.

Thus, the attack began centered on global standards, and it is America. In 1972, when I came to America and struck seven cities, people thought, "Oh! What can an Asian do? This will just pass..." They never imagined it would rise. (Laughter. Applause) But I was surely going to rise. The American members did not believe that either. Everyone thought that way. "What, you can't even speak English, and you want to work in America with an interpreter? Just give it up." (Laughter) Neither could we, nor could Americans; how could we do it?

That is why when I came to America in 1972 to hold lectures, I did not even inform the president of the association. I announced it only after arriving here and started. No one knew. After that, I attacked 21 cities. At that time, they thought, "What, can we fill a place like Carnegie Hall?" (Making a facial expression. Laughter) It was like a rice cake. It was a restoration. The American people were coming back. But when the American people filled Carnegie Hall, (making a facial expression. Laughter) they started to look at it normally and thought, "Wow, that's amazing!" It was a restoration. They eventually began to see it normally.

After that, I held lectures in 32 cities. Then the question arose, "Wow, Reverend Moon is amazing! Where did the money come from? Where did that ability come from?" (Laughter) Do we have a lot of money? (Laughter) This is all we have. (Laughter) We must create. Right? "Yes." (Applause)

When we fall to the bottom and restore, the American people rise. When we held events in 21 cities, initially, there was a "Wow-" (Laughter), but from the second half, at this Madison Square Garden event, there was an "Oh-" and then "Oh no, this is a big deal." From the second half of the 21 cities, it became, "Oh no, this is a big deal. All the American churches are rising up to oppose..."
"Let's do it!" That's what I said. If you want to oppose, then oppose. I didn't regard it as a problem; I just pushed ahead. And then, when we hit Madison Square Garden in September... the entire United States, the American media, everyone believed that it would absolutely fail. 

With that, we bulldozed our way from Philadelphia to Washington, Atlanta, Chicago, Seattle, and San Francisco. (Laughter. Applause) What was interesting this time in San Francisco was that 3,500 people filled the hall, while over a thousand others gathered more than a kilometer away in a hall where tables were set up, and that place was also packed. (Applause) We did it in two locations. (Applause) When we clapped here, they heard the sound through speakers there and clapped along. (Laughter. Applause) I probably set a record in America for such an event. Have you ever heard of something like that? "No." 

The spiritual victory achieved in America through God's cooperation
So now, what do you think? "Wow! In just a short period of one year and two months, I created such a whirlwind in America, so if I keep pushing like this for three years and seven years, what will happen to America? It's a formidable organization." That's how I started to think. This became a significant issue in American society, even leading to quiz questions. Recently, there was a question about someone driving a $6,500 car, and the answer was Reverend Moon. (Applause) This shows how much interest there was. (Laughter)

Now, Americans think, "Reverend Moon has a lot of money, is young, and has strong organizational power." (Laughter. Applause) Now they say, "Ah! Reverend Moon is not someone we can follow." (Cheers. Applause) We launched an offensive, and the entire America must know. Everyone needs to be aware. That's why I said we should cook America for three years. So, the teacher shook the White House, shook Congress, and shook the UN General Assembly. He is shaking up the financial circles in New York as well. (Laughter) Do you understand? "Yes." We did such things. We shook everything. "Who can defeat Reverend Moon now? Step forward!" And there is no one. (Applause) 

What you need to know is that at the recent London conference, I shook the world-renowned scholars in Western society. They were delighted to have met Reverend Moon. Now, it is indeed true that Reverend Moon stands at the forefront of the spiritual realm in America. Why is that? Think about what stage we have entered. Recently, when I went to San Francisco for an interview, they asked, "What is the difference between Reverend Moon and Billy Graham?" (Laughter) So I said, "Billy Graham is an old revivalist, but Reverend Moon is a prophet and a seer." (Applause) They are different. So what is the difference? A revivalist can only revive within the environment of America but cannot pioneer. They cannot break through and pioneer new aspects. They cannot reform; they cannot revolutionize. However, our Unification Church not only revolutionizes but also reforms and pioneers. That is the difference.

That's why the world is in an uproar. They are attacking and making a fuss. Now, if I reach the standard of Billy Graham, Billy Graham will undoubtedly decline. He is destined to decline. When you see this, the teacher has done a great job in America, right? "Yes." (Applause)

What you need to understand here is that this was not something the teacher did alone. You all need to know that without God's cooperation, it would not have been possible. Even the president of a large Presbyterian church, who leads thousands or tens of thousands of believers, would want to do such things but cannot. Why can't they do it? Because they lack the conviction that it can be done. They also lack the confidence that God is with them. They do not have the belief that if they do it, they will surely win. We need to understand that we are standing on a decisive theoretical foundation that says we cannot fail as we go through the providence of restoration in a mathematical and scientific manner.

You see, this applies both on land and at sea. This summer, we fought in the Pacific. We ranked first there. (Applause) We need to establish a standard that we have influenced every field. The issue is that selling flowers and campaigning on the social stage is remarkable. How incredible is that? Selling peanuts and flowers to carry out such a movement is something no one would ever think of, and no one would believe it. (Laughter)

Now, if we buy land in New York, if we acquire the New York headquarters this time... we are buying land worth ten million dollars. We are buying it at half the price, at cost. If I try to buy it, problems arise, and it becomes impossible to sell. (Laughter. Applause) In Korea, I also bought land and set records in a short period. In the process, many people who opposed it ended up dead, families fell apart, and all sorts of things happened. So, over a year and a half, I made contracts every three days. (Laughter) Thus, I built the teacher's assets over three years. To be precise, it was built in two years and eight months. We are doing the same here in America.

Do you need money? "Yes." Do you need money? "No." It's not that you need money; you need God. (Applause) I probably set a record for receiving proclamations in American history. There must be over 500 of them. Right? "We were supposed to bring the ones from last year to the main office today, and there are about 200 more that are usable." It will all be like that. You need to understand that it is an astonishing fact that we have done such things. Have you met such a teacher, or not? "We have met him well." (Applause) However, it has been tough until now, but it will be even tougher from now on.

So why do we have to push ahead like this? Because we have to accomplish in one year what could be done in a thousand years regarding world issues. From now on, we need to sort this out in three years, by 1977 and 1978. We have entered the time when we must fully mobilize our total power. We have established a victorious standard in the spiritual realm, but we have not yet established a substantial foundation, so you need to understand that we must lay that foundation in America during these three years.

The victory of America symbolizes what Jesus had to achieve in Rome
The title of today's message is "Present and Future," but what kind of time are we standing in now? You need to know that we are within a week of having to go beyond Los Angeles, which is the last place remaining after surpassing the spiritual standards globally. This is our current position. Therefore, the second seven-year course is entering an era of indemnity for the fact that the democratic world is the Christian cultural realm, which opposed the Unification Church. Now, we have entered a stage where we cannot oppose but must study Reverend Moon.

In this time, a hundred professors from Korea issued a statement through the New York Times, announcing that Reverend Moon is doing such work nationwide, which I see as an astonishing event. This is not just in New York but worldwide. If this happens, just one professor is remarkable, right? The fact that over thirty professors from various universities, including university presidents, have come out in support of the Unification Church is a historic event. You know, during the revolutionary government in Korea, which supported President Park, there were about forty people from the university sector, and that was considered a lot. But how many do we have? Think about it. How incredible is that?

You may know through the Principle that the Christian cultural realm is the second Israel cultural realm in the spiritual world. Jesus originally had to establish a foundation centered on both spirit and body, but he could not achieve that and only established a spiritual foundation. Therefore, the Christian cultural realm is a world-type expansion of the spiritual foundation. The teacher has connected everything to establish a substantial standard on the spiritual foundation, and we must restore it centered on both spirit and body. We must indemnify it. What does that mean? It means that Jesus had to enter Rome, win centered on both spirit and body, and return to Israel to receive a grand welcome. In this sense, today, Korea and America are in the same position as ancient Israel and Rome.

What is America? It corresponds to Rome, the democratic world that could connect to the world. The center of that time, Rome, is represented today by New York, the center of America. Just as the teacher has come to America and influenced it, it is similar to influencing the Roman Empire in Jesus' time. Thus, the fact that I planted the flag of victory in 52 cities, surpassing 30 cities in 1973, symbolizes Jesus entering Rome and winning.

This time, the teacher's victory, returning to Korea, the third Israel, centered on the spiritual standard, is similar to Jesus winning in Rome and returning to Israel. Do you understand? "Yes." (The recording briefly cuts out)

Blessing and mobilization is obtaining familial qualifications to enter heaven
In Japan, a massive blessing was given in the 1970s, but those families also worked for the purpose for three years. You need to recognize how great the honor of participating in front of the purpose centered on families during that period is. Do you understand? "Yes."

Why do we need to get married? Answer me. Why do we need to get married? "..." We get married to enter heaven. You cannot just enter heaven. You must fulfill the condition of being a son-in-law to enter. This son-in-law condition is not one that Satan can accuse; you must complete the son-in-law condition that is free from Satan's accusations.

Because Adam and Eve fell, everyone became separated from God. As a result, families began to fight. Families became divided, and husbands and wives became enemies. In this position of enmity, they must become one. The original position must be indemnified and restored. So where should this be done? It must be done in the family. Therefore, families that can become one are opposing each other. The principle is that blessed families in our church should unite, but they are coming from opposing positions. Nevertheless, they will ultimately become one. Because they are divided centered on the purpose, they will unite. When you see that, the husband is in a position of abandoning the wife, the wife is abandoning the husband, the parents are abandoning the children, and the children are abandoning the parents. There can be great complaints and dissatisfaction there, but rather, they should feel gratitude, happiness, and hope while living.

Through this process, everything that Satan invaded and all that began through Satan must be cut off and transcended centered on God, allowing us to finally obtain familial qualifications to enter heaven. Do you understand? Do you comprehend? "Yes." You have now understood that there is a three-year period after being blessed. It is seven years, including the three-year period before the blessing. This is to indemnify the history of 7,000 years. It is a movement to find families through the consumption of 7,000 years of history, so we aim to align this with seven years in our Unification Church.

If you cannot surpass this standard, you cannot become sinless sons and daughters. You cannot reach the position of sinless sons and daughters or ascend to the position of sinless parents. If you cannot fulfill the mission you are responsible for as a husband or wife, that is how it will be. Therefore, during this period, you should avoid receiving help from the church as much as possible. You are doing it alone.

So in Korea, until the end of the second seven-year course, I tried not to help the leaders as much as possible. I only started helping after coming to America; I did not help before that. Why do I help? Because the three-year course of the family has ended.

Therefore, if you have become a person of heaven, you must go out and indemnify and return to receive God's blessing. Even Jesus had to go out and take responsibility as the son of God and return to become the Messiah. It is the same for individuals, nations, and the whole. It is the same for Jesus. Everything is the same. You must go through such a process. Do you understand? "Yes."

So what will you do? You are the same. Now that you understand the purpose, will you live in the Unification Church, or do you want to leave the Unification Church, fight, and build a foundation to defeat Satan, then return to receive benefits based on that foundation? You must go out, fight, and inherit the victorious foundation established by your parents, then return here. While living there, you must win. If you leave one behind there, that must become the basis of victory.

These days, when I quietly observe you, it seems that when the teacher blesses you, you think, "Ah! It would be nice to get married too." You have caught this disease. (Laughter) From now on, we should set an age limit. Women should not think about marriage before the age of 25, and men should not think about marriage before the age of 27. (Writing while speaking) What will you do if you marry early? What will you do if you marry early? Why? Because if you marry early and have many children, there is much indemnity. If you have one child, two, or three, how hard is that? Don't you think so? "I think so." Once you have established a family, you must do such things. Forget everything else and focus on that.

Recognizing myself, let us become the center of the world
The path the teacher has taken is your path. The path taken by the central members in Korea is your path. It is the same. The process of indemnity and restoration is the same. You must understand that this formula is unavoidable.

So, why do we evangelize? Why do I engage in activities? For whom? It is not for the church. It is not even for the teacher. It is for yourself. You are doing it for "me." It is because of "me." It is not to live for the Unification Church. You must understand that the Unification Church is mobilized because of you, the teacher is mobilized because of you, and God is mobilized because of you. You are the center. The concept and attitude you have had until now in your faith life have been, "Ah, I worked for God, for the teacher, for the church." But it is the opposite. You must clearly understand this. Starting next year, 1975, we will enter the third seven-year course, and you must also clearly understand this. Do you understand? "Yes." Understand it clearly, clearly. This must not be wrong.

Therefore, you must recognize how much God has worked for you, how much your parents have worked to save you, and how much the Unification Church has worked for you, and become a Unification Church member who establishes dignity and prestige before them. This is the tradition we must establish in the future.
"Because of the Unification Church, I have suffered!" This kind of nonsense is being said, but the opposite is true. 
We must make sure of this.
Coming to church, treating the teacher with respect, and praying to God should all be done to repay God's grace. 
I must know that I am the subject. I must clearly understand that I am the subject. Did you understand that clearly? "Yes." You need to realize that God has been pitiful because of me, that the teacher has suffered because of me, and that the Unification Church has suffered because of me. I must recognize that I am wearing a grace that cannot be repaid even if I burn my whole being to repay it.
The global movement of the Unification Church is all paving the way for me. It is paving the way for me. The global movement of the Unification Church is for 'me.' It is for me. Therefore, it is my work, my work. It is work done for me. Since 1975, we must realize that it is time to establish a global tradition based on this foundation. Without doing so, we cannot move the world.
Until now, it was okay because the teacher has forgiven us, but now it is time for you to forgive, so you must understand that you need to be the center. The times are changing. The time has come to go beyond the national era. Therefore, unless I become someone who serves the world, I cannot become a child of God. Only by becoming a representative child of the world can I become a child of God; I cannot become a child of God by representing a nation.
Currently, we are in a national era, but we are moving toward a global era. Therefore, we must clearly understand what the present and the future are like. Until now, I thought I was working for the church centered on the teacher, but in the future, we must become the central figures of the world, realizing that the whole has worked for me. This is the path of the future.
From now on, you can become personal messiahs, family messiahs, tribal messiahs representing your tribes, and you must realize that the time has come when you can take on the mission of global messiahs. I believe you have clearly understood that this is the path you must take from the present to the future.
**Completion of the Will and Our Mission**
I would like to thank you for your hard work in your homeland over the past seven months. I also appreciate the warm welcome you have given today. 
What I want to briefly talk about is the message titled 'Completion of the Will and Our Mission' or 'Victory of the Will and Our Mission.'
**The Stage of God's Salvation Providence through Religion**
In our Unification Church, we are hastening the stages of development such as the first seven-year course and the second seven-year course. After passing through that stage, we must move on to the third seven-year course. You all know that we are walking this path of will. This path, this course, is something we as individuals are walking, but we have also come to know that the environment and stage connected to that individual are accompanied by universality.
Those who are here for the first time may find it difficult to understand, but since I am speaking centered on Unification Church members and those who understand the principles, I hope you will try to understand the content as much as possible.
There is a path for individuals, and at the same time, there is a path for families connected through individuals, and there are paths for tribes, nations, and then there is a path for the world to follow. Furthermore, there is a path that must be taken not only in this physical world but also in the spiritual world, which we refer to as the heavenly world or the world of spirits.
Since humanity has not been able to walk the path it should have originally walked, we are aware that there is a path that must be traversed in conjunction with our world, a path that we must take to return to God, which we refer to in our Unification Church terminology as 'Heavenly Universe.'
In order to rise step by step along this path, we must inevitably go through certain principles. The responsibilities that must be fulfilled as human beings, that is, the responsibilities that must be fulfilled as individuals, families, tribes, nations, the world, and even the spiritual world, cannot be resolved without addressing them here.
Because there have been humans who did not understand this gradual path of progression, the providential will through religious history has also been prolonged. Because there are still issues that need to be resolved at these gradual stages, God has not been able to complete this long history and has continued to prolong it. If God were to resolve all these points of contention, the problem would be simple.
However, the original fall did not occur under God's responsibility; it occurred under human responsibility, which is why God cannot take responsibility for it. Just as a president cannot directly take responsibility for the wrongdoings of the citizens of a country, individuals must have the conditions to resolve their own sins.
Similarly, humanity's ancestors sinned before God due to their fall, and that is something God cannot resolve. Therefore, humans must pave the way to resolve that sin, and in doing so, the responsibility to resolve human sin is what we understand as God's salvation providence through religion.
From the day humanity's ancestors fell, our human world has become a sad world where God's will is not fulfilled, a fallen world. In other words, it has become a broken world that needs a doctor and someone responsible for repairs. Therefore, we are in a position where we must walk the path of receiving adjustment again, and this is the sorrow of our human world today. The one who has caused this sorrow is Satan, who is considered God's enemy in today's religions.
Ordinary people may not know, but when they pray or enter the world of mystery, they can become convinced that there are spiritual beings. This is an undeniable and easily experiential fact.
The fall was brought about by Satan, and humanity has inherited the sin of Satan. In other words, because we are in a state of redemption, we cannot return to God without resolving this redemption. This is not something done haphazardly. For example, if a string is tied ten times to the right, it must be untied ten times to the left to be undone. Without untying it, we cannot return.
Because these complexities remain in the human world, humans still cannot clearly know God, and they cannot clearly know what humanity is. We understand that the history woven by these uncertain humans remains in an unclear process.
**Only God Can Bear the Responsibility of Human Salvation**
Therefore, as you know, in this world, we can conclude that no matter how one looks at it, the people of the world cannot establish any ideal form centered on the future. In this era, we often say that we must leap or make a jump. However, there cannot be blind leaps or blind jumps. A leap or jump centered on a clear and precise purpose can be established, but without a purpose, it becomes a problem of where to go even if one leaps or jumps. That is why the future world is a bleak one. This is true for both the democratic world and the communist world.
In light of these circumstances, how did it come to this? It is because when a person gets sick, they must go to the place where they got sick, but they have taken the wrong path. Because they are in a position where they cannot cure the sickness, they are heading toward a bleak world where they can only die. This applies to both the individual and the world.
From this perspective, if we consider who will take responsibility for human salvation, we find that it cannot be borne by humanity. A sick person cannot take responsibility for their own illness. A doctor is absolutely necessary in this case. From this perspective, we conclude that only God can pave the way for the providence of human salvation. To untie what the enemy holds, one must be superior in every aspect to that enemy, and since only God possesses such qualities, we conclude that only God can carry out the providence of salvation.
Now, looking at the entirety of history so far, at what point has God's will been fulfilled? It has not been fulfilled. Has there been anyone who has completed their individual perfection and fought against the Satan that dominated humanity throughout history, winning and receiving recognition from God that they have truly triumphed? No, there has not. There has been no history of an individual receiving such recognition, nor has there been a family, tribe, nation, or world that has received such recognition. Many of you may say that Jacob received the name Israel, but that is a matter of being the chosen people, the chosen people.
Based on historical limitations, there were victories in the context of God's will during the servant age, but there have been no victories in the context of the adopted son age, the son age, or the parent age. Therefore, we know well through the principles that the chosen people of Israel are continuing the providence to expand the servant foundation.
Now, looking at this, who will be victorious? It will not be any philosopher, nor will it be any great person or hero. It cannot be done with power, knowledge, or money. It cannot be done with authority, knowledge, or wealth. The only possible way is to ask where it will come from. It is impossible for humans. Because we are already broken, it is impossible for us, so we must seek a source of power that is stronger than Satan. That source is God. It is only through God that this becomes possible.
Therefore, we must return to God, not to humanity. We must return to God. How do we return to God? We cannot just return with everything we have. We must resolve and return. The power I am bound to, the wealth I am bound to, and the knowledge I am bound to are all established in artificial relationships, not in the original, unfallen relationships.
That is why the formula that emerges here is that we must deny the results of the fall. "Without denial, there is absolutely no way to resolve it. To resolve it, first take a negative stance!" This is the content that must be asserted in religion. We must deny. Deny your power, deny your knowledge, and deny all your wealth. From here, we conclude that to completely turn around in a perfect religion, one must start from complete denial. Thus, the higher the religion, the more it emphasizes the problem of overcoming reality. It emphasizes the problem of overcoming life. We can understand here that emphasizing the problem of overcoming the environment is an inevitable condition for responding to the original unfallen nature and taking a direction toward that unfallen nature.
**Historical Mainstream Religions**
Now, when we look at this, there have been many religions throughout the long historical era, but just as if one person stands among those religions, they can only look in one direction despite the four directions of east, west, south, and north, there are many religions in 360 degrees, but not all of those religions are central. Only one religion can look toward eternal life through the front, establishing a direct connection with God. Therefore, we conclude that there must be a mainstream religion among religions.
Then, what should that mainstream be like? It must have a direction that can align with God's will, so it must completely become one with the will that God requires. Where does the completion of the will come from? It comes from becoming completely one with God's will. Who must become one? Humans must become one. Then, does God make them one? No. God creates the environment and path that can lead to that, but it is I who must go. That is why the term 'path of faith' comes into play. That is also why the term 'path of religion' exists.
That path cannot be traveled by asking my mother or father to go for me; my mother cannot go for me, nor can my father go for me. Each person must walk it. All people, regardless of whether they are the ancestors of the past or descendants of thousands of generations in the future, must walk that path. To shorten that distance, we must follow the example of the faith ancestors of the past. Therefore, we understand that there must be a central religious ideology that guides the way.
So, what is the central religion in the historical era? That religion must have a long history rooted in the fall of humanity and must be able to continue in a consistent direction toward the purpose of the future, where religion can conclude in eternity. If such a religion exists, we can recognize it as the mainstream religion of history.
Then, where should such a religion start? It cannot start from humanity. It must start from God. It must start from God, and it cannot mix good and evil; it must clearly distinguish good from evil, knowing that this is the good path and that is the evil path. It is inevitable to discern good and evil and determine the direction of religion.
From this perspective, among the historical religions, we can see that the thought of Judaism centered on Christianity… This is found in Genesis.
In Genesis chapter 1, it states that God created the heavens and the earth, establishing a direct relationship with creation and starting from there. Later, it concludes about the relationship between humans and God, which is that God and humans are in a parent-child relationship. This is an amazing conclusion. The fact that God and humans are in a parent-child relationship is a great discovery.
So, what should humans do? They must walk with their parents. They must live with their parents. Even if they die, they must die with their parents."
When a person calls God his son, here we become the eternal sons before the eternal God, and because God is the subject of eternal life, we stand in the position of relative children before the subject of eternal life, which logically leads to the conclusion that we can attain eternal life. 

So, what is the ultimate goal of religion? If we say we want to succeed through religion, what is the limit of that success? It is not about making money, nor is it about conquering the world. It is about moving towards the closest position centered on love. What kind of love? It is not human love. What is the conclusion of wanting to get as close as possible to God? The closest relationship between God and humans is not that of husband and wife, nor that of siblings, but that of parent and child. 

To enter heaven, one must receive the approval of Satan and the approval of God. 

Now, we have reached a conclusion about religion. Then, how do we go out to the position of children? I did not know how to go out. When I did not know the method, I could only go out by believing blindly. But the era when "you can just believe blindly and go out" has already passed. It was possible in the Old Testament and New Testament eras, but in the present age, it does not work. Religions that advocate blind belief and action will not be able to secure their position in the future. 

When we talk about crossing the demarcation line, how far is that line? Is it 40 miles? Is it 450 kilometers? "155 miles." The entire boundary line is a ceasefire line, but there is a way to cross it. There is a path that respectable people can take, and there is a door. It is not a path that just anyone, including animals, can cross; it is a path that normal people can traverse, a path that crosses borders. However, to take that path, one must have a passport that allows for passage in and out. You must present content that has passed certain principles. This is impossible. 

The same goes for religion when it comes to going to heaven. You must leave the conditions required by God, the conditions demanded from the heavenly side. Also, if Satan is in the north and God is in the south, then for a person from the north to come to the south, they must have the content that allows them to pass. They must be recognized in the north and also recognized in the south. Therefore, the conclusion is that one must receive the approval of Satan and the approval of God. You might wonder where such a law exists in the world, but to go to heaven, one must receive the approval of Satan. Satan must let you go. And thus, you must have the content that allows God to claim that you have been released. 

The absolute requirement to approach God is love. So how do we go out with love? It cannot happen all at once. When you look at the stages of salvation through the teachings of the Unification Church, how far have we fallen? How much has the human being, who should be a son, fallen? We have fallen terribly. No matter how beloved a son is, if he falls into a place of death, the affection is completely severed. Right? No matter how beloved a person is, if they enter a place of death, just thinking about it is unpleasant. But how far have humans fallen? We have fallen to the point of death. We have fallen to a level where we cannot relate to God. 

Having fallen, where did we go? We went to become servants. So, who did we fall to? We fell to Satan. What kind of being is Satan? He is a servant before God, a servant. We have been drawn to that servant, but we cannot even stand in the position of a son who receives the love of that servant. The servant and the humans drawn to them are enemies, enemies. 

If these beings are just loved quietly, where do they go? The essence of love goes to heaven. When you love like the sunlight, it naturally returns to heaven; that is the principle. Therefore, one should not love. That is why they are treated as enemies. They are forcibly restrained, controlling freedom and the environment, while trying to push humans in all directions. Thus, in front of that servant, we have become the servants of the servant, treated like the offspring of the enemy servant. That is why life is miserable, and it is said to be a struggle amidst wandering and despair. 

The people who can be chosen by God are those who are global figures. 

So, where do we need to go from being the servants of the servant? If we just continue as we are, we will end up as servants forever, so we must go in the opposite direction. We must abandon the position of the servant of the servant and confront the master, Satan, and break through to secure the path. The path that the servant of the servant must take is to overcome the master, in other words, to defeat the servant. If we do not overcome the servant, we cannot go. Isn't that right? If we do not overcome the servant, we cannot go. 

This is a public trial between God and Satan based on the law. Here, the prosecutor is on the side of Satan, and the lawyer is on the side of heaven. The prosecutor and the lawyer fight based on legal provisions. Just as in the Republic of Korea, when a person benefits the state, they are considered a "good person," and when they harm the state, they are considered a "bad person." A similar battle has been taking place, and today, we humans were unaware of it, thinking that it had no impact on our personal lives, but the fact is that God and Satan, as spiritual subjects, have been waging such a battle throughout history. 

Therefore, if humans prepare the conditions to go to God centered on God's law, then Satan cannot help but say, "Hey, I will release you!" when it comes to the law. "I will set you free, go!" And God says, "If you want to come back, you can come back." No matter how much God may have been hurt, if you present the necessary content, you will surely be allowed to pass. This is the principle. 

In the Unification Church, this is referred to as the "principle." This principle is not some principle of chemistry or science. It is not a principle of physics. It is the principle of the fallen human being returning to the path of their homeland, the principle of the life of restoration. It is the path that the fallen world must take. This must be understood. 

Then, after personally overcoming the servant, what stage do we ascend to? Because we have overcome the servant, when Satan submits, where do we go next? We enter the stage of adoption. We rise to the position of adopted children. We go upward in reverse. Even if we have established some relationship with the master under the name of a servant, we cannot enter the position of a son. It is absolutely impossible. Therefore, even if we cannot reach the position of a son, we must at least reach a position that can substitute for a son, which is why the term "adopted child" has emerged. In Romans 8, it says that we call out "Abba, Father" and desire to be adopted. The path of our lives is to desire to be adopted. All of this is based on that principle... 

Next, the adopted child, no matter how capable they are, is not as good as a biological child! Do you understand this? If a wealthy grandfather has to inherit all his wealth but has no son, he will pass it on to an adopted child. That adopted child may be capable, the best person in the country, possessing everything inside and out, but what do you think the elderly man thinks of that adopted child? "I wish I had a son, even if he were cross-eyed." Would he think that way or not? "Yes." Anyone who does not think that way does not understand the value of the relationship between a wealthy man and his son. It is natural. 

Now, considering this, would the God who created heaven and earth want to adopt someone and inherit the universe? We humans say, "That is something that cannot be done!" What about God? "God, there is a person who is the best in the universe, the most capable in every aspect in human history; let this person be adopted and inherit the universe!" Would God say, "Oh, that is good news"? 

In this light, God wants to find a person through religion; He wants to send His true son. He wants to send His true son. This is a natural thought. Such thoughts cannot be avoided. 

That is why there must be a path from the era of adopted children to the era of direct children, a path that can receive inheritance or connect relationships. 

So, what must a servant do to reach the position of an adopted child? Because God is a global being, a historical being, and the absolute one and only being, a person who can enter as an adopted child before Him must become a historical representative for the sake of goodness. If one is not such a person, God cannot choose them. 

Someone like Abraham followed God even to the point of sacrificing his own son. That is why he could become the ancestor of faith. The blessing is achieved there. Blessings come from there. Therefore, one must be global. One must become a global person. 

"Since I have done this much in my neighborhood, please establish me to save the world!" Can one save the world through that? To become a global central being, one must lay a global foundation and go through the process of victory there. Only then can one become a global representative, a global central figure. The same goes for God. God also requires that there be a global existence among the servants, the highest being who can represent history and the era in serving God; without such a being, there cannot be a connection from the true servant that God establishes to the adopted child. This must be understood. 

Furthermore, what must happen to enter the stage of direct children from the stage of adopted children? This too must be global, global. 

When the Messiah comes, there will be a leap. 

Now, with this foundation, when God's son comes to this earth, at that time, "Hey, lay the foundation for a global individual. Lay the foundation for a global family. Lay the foundation for a global nation. Lay the foundation for a global state." That is already too late. 

Therefore, as heaven expands the path for world salvation, it specifically trains a certain nation to become the best among the world from a servant's position. Do you understand this? There are many nations, but among them, one nation must be chosen and trained to become the best in the world. This is inevitable to reach the stage of the son, passing through the stages of the servant and the adopted child. 

There must be such a special nation. Has there been such a nation in the historical era? From this perspective, when we look at the noun "religion," it is astonishing that there was a concept of a chosen people, a concept of a chosen people. They have won! It is astonishing that there is a nation that has come out with the name of Israel, claiming victory! The fact that there were such people in the historical era and that the nation of Israel represented them is undeniable. The nation of Israel was a specific nation needed in God's providence. We cannot help but acknowledge this from this perspective. That nation is the nation of Israel. Do you understand? "Yes." 

By establishing this nation of Israel and going through thousands of years of historical eras, they have overcome all kinds of humiliation and trials, and despite facing despair and disappointment, they have transcended it. The waves and the tides are not impressive just because the waves are high; it is not impressive that the high waves are big. Also, just because the waves that rose high have suddenly fallen does not mean it ends there. The beauty lies in the rising and falling, in the rising again after falling. That is different. 

History is the same. It must go through a history filled with such twists and turns. In such a miserable historical process, the nation that God loves must leave behind a background of a tragic national history that no other nation has endured. They must be a group that advances and overcomes, not a group of the weak that retreats in any suffering path, but a group that, when they fall while heading toward a higher dimension, can rise again and command their successors to advance with their last words when they die. Such a nation must exist. 

What is that? It is a special nation. The nation of Israel is like that, right? During World War II, Hitler killed over six million Israelites. However, that nation has not disappeared or diminished. It has not diminished. They rode the waves and fell but survived. They broke free from the conditions of destruction and emerged as a hopeful independent sovereign state, becoming a nation that attracts global attention in the late 20th-century civilization. That is the nation of Israel. 

That nation has faced many trials on its path. They must break through the siege of the Arab nations. If they retreat here, all the waves of history that have passed will crumble, and if there is a path that raises the waves even higher and advances, that nation will become a nation that can boast to the world. 

When asked if there is such a philosophy with such potential and future vision, that is the thought of the Messiah. The greatest thing is this. No matter how much one lives in the mountains or how lowly they may seem, the day they hold onto the Messiah, they will leap forward. 

So, who is the Messiah? He is the one who comes to clearly present the purpose and comes with a definite direction. Therefore, when standing together with Him and heading toward that purpose, one becomes a person who can achieve that purpose at once and a nation that can align with that direction at once. Such a nation is seen as capable of fulfilling a great central mission in the historical turning point to come. This is the thought of the Messiah. This is the Messiah thought that the Jews hold. The extension of such Judaism is Christianity. 

Why am I saying all this? The people who are here for the first time do not know what religion is or who Reverend Moon is. Even if they try to study, they think, "He is involved in some religion, but can't he also engage in politics or something else?" Even if he engages in politics, he can only do so after fulfilling the purpose of religion, but in an era where the purpose of religion is unfulfilled, there can be no politics. This must be understood. 

Can God not engage in politics? What kind of God is He? Is He a God who can engage in politics or a God who cannot? If you ask God, "Oh, I am..."
"I will answer, 'He is the politician among politicians!' Then, what if I ask, 'Why is the world you govern in this state?' 'Why is the world governed by God in this state? If I were to stick a label on your forehead saying God is dead, you wouldn't be able to say a word, would you?' Then God would say, 'Ah, you misunderstood me. My mission is to gather those who have completed themselves through religion, to gather such individuals, such families, and such nations to govern, not to engage in politics for those who are crying out for help in a maggot-infested pit.' This is what it would be. That's what it is, as I have come to understand.

The day we surpass that standard, unification of the world will happen in an instant. Isn't that a pleasant thought? Now, this unification of the world... Why? Because God is omnipotent. Look, everyone, if you can't believe that... How vast is the solar system? If we consider this universe as a grand universe, there are said to be a hundred billion solar systems like ours. A hundred billion, can you even count to that? It's hard enough to count to a hundred million. A hundred billion, that's probably just a figure of speech. Who knows who counted and calculated that, but it might have been labeled as such because it couldn't be counted.

Now, such a vast universe would be nice if it were quietly stationary, but it flies around freely every day like a swarm of insects. And while flying, it has antennas, just like bats that navigate through radar at night, searching for their paths while engaging in all sorts of twists and turns. And yet, these hundred billion solar systems move within this universe without colliding with each other. Who is making that happen? If you say, 'Oh, they are just naturally moving that way!' such a trivial statement doesn't hold. Phenomena cannot arise without a cause or motivation.

So, how did it come to be? You must understand that God is wearing a crown in that matter. What motivation causes them to move? It is because God has placed bread among them, ensuring that the grand universe moves without collisions.

Everyone, try placing a hundred marbles on this desk. They all collide with a 'clack clack clack.' Even if it were more complex and indescribably intricate for millions of years, it continues to move just as it is. Can that happen by chance?

Now, if the God who moves that vast universe is alive, then this little speck of dust called Earth can be played with just by blowing on it. Can't He manage this one thing? If such a God blows the wind and exerts pressure saying, 'Go!' then it must go, right? That is the essence of God being alive. If He wants to save humanity, He can do so in an instant. However, because there are principles and rules...

Even a president cannot act arbitrarily after establishing a constitution. Although the constitution was established this morning, someone who says, 'Throw it away tomorrow evening!' cannot be a president. To be a king for a thousand years, one must establish a thousand-year law and be able to implement it. Do you understand? Someone who tries to act arbitrarily in an instant is merely a rookie king. Can the one who unified the universe and established the great law change it just because he feels bad for a day, or say, 'Oh, I feel good!'? To establish a great way and to implement the heavenly law resulting from the great intention is a very reasonable conclusion.

Now, if such a God wants to save humanity, He can do so in an instant, but the reason He cannot is that it cannot be done outside of principles. Even in today's Republic of Korea, it is the same, right? It is the same everywhere. What about our Unification Church? 'Oh, the Unification Church does famous things, but don't go there!' 'Why?' 'Because I heard bad rumors about the Unification Church, and I'm worried you might get dirty...' This is what they say. There are all sorts of people. It's the same. It is natural to have anxiety and fear arising from differences that do not adhere to principles. The fear that we humans feel today can be thought to be influenced by how far we are from the principled trajectory, based on the deviation from the principle.

The model of individual perfection is the Messiah.

In this light, Christianity itself is the same. Christianity is an extension of the nation of Israel... If Jesus had not died, Christianity would not have emerged. 

Now, the Messiah promised four thousand years ago was sent to the Israelite people, and you must understand what kind of being the one who came as the Messiah is. What kind of being is the one who came as the Messiah? First, he must establish the standard of individual perfection within God's will. It is not just for one generation. It is established through the past, present, and future. Therefore, the one who can be called a representative who has made Satan unable to move personally, who has made him submit one hundred percent from one to a hundred, is none other than the Messiah.

What realm must this enter? It must enter the realm of heart. It cannot be done through words or laws. It must enter through the heart. Therefore, the person who can do that must come. A model who has personally fulfilled the will! That model is not a temporary model. Although he was present for thirty-three years, he is not a temporary model but an eternal model, a model that must remain until fallen humanity completely fulfills and returns to that model form. It may sound a bit difficult, but those who know will understand. Such a model must emerge.

The one who fulfills such a personal mission must be able to be recognized by God as 'Yes.' The one who comes with the authority to judge, having all the internal and external qualifications, is the Savior. The one who must liberate what is bound by law and make the king who rules by Satan's law unable to move must be able to present a legal solution that can transcend the lower legal conditions. When that happens, liberation occurs because it transcends the lower legal conditions. It is the same with the world.

Who is the one who has come to represent the historical era and witness the personal completion of God's will? "It is the Messiah." In Japanese, the term for Messiah means 'rice,' but that is not the case. It means Savior. Do you understand? "Yes." You shouldn't think of it as rice. You should think of it as the Savior. 

If I were to elaborate, there would be no end to it. I started to speak in detail for the sake of those who are new...

Then, what kind of position is the Messiah? From the standpoint of fulfilling God's will, even through the six thousand years of historical eras, there has been no central being. There is no standard. If we consider a meter, there is only one original meter. There may be millions of meters, but if they don't match, no matter how big they are, what do you throw away? You throw away the original meter, not the makeshift meter. "The original meter..." What? Are you out of your mind? If they don't match, you throw away the makeshift meter.

Why is that? Why? Because it stands on the public law regulations before all people. People want to stand in a good position, so there must be laws. Those who disregard that are the ones who corrupt today's organizational society.

Religion asks you to believe blindly, but how good would it be for someone like Reverend Moon? If I go to America and say, 'Just believe blindly, and everything will work out!'? Not at all. Everyone must be held accountable. Unification Church members must do the same. Do you understand? "Yes." It is made to be like that, so no matter how smart I am, I must pursue it theoretically.

God is a legalistic greedy person, and humans are anti-legalistic greedy people.

What happens next? What should be done next? God does not have a familial model. After fulfilling the model of individual perfection... God is a very greedy being. Have you seen God being greedy? Have you? No, you haven't, right? But who do we resemble? When you look at people, you see that they resemble the cause, because they are beings of results. No matter how much you think about it, I am not a being that causes. Cause and effect correspond, so here we must take the corresponding point and pursue the object-oriented return point as a principle in relative relationships.

Therefore, the reason I have become like this is to become one before that cause. Because God is like that, I am like that. I am greedy, so God is the greatest greedy being. You are undoubtedly anti-legalistic greedy people, but God is a legalistic greedy being. Do you understand? What kind of greedy person are you? You are a greedy person who acts arbitrarily. God? He follows logic and reason... That is the difference.

Therefore, if we follow that logic, we can achieve the goals of greedy people. Even if God fulfills that purpose, as long as I follow God's principles, I can reach God's position, no matter how high it is in the heavenly kingdom. This is a valid statement.

Now, do you want to meet the model Messiah who has fulfilled individual perfection, who has completed everything familial, and who bears the responsibility of the familial model of humanity's past and present? There is no need to ask that, right? What is there to ask? Even elementary school children or kindergarten kids would get full marks on that question. It is the same.

Now, what about the next step? Do you want to meet the Messiah who can complete the family, who can take responsibility for completing the tribe and fulfilling the heavenly will? And then, do you want to meet the one who has the responsibility to complete nations centered around the state and enter the world as a model of numerous nations? There is no need to ask that either. Because there are many desires! Everyone feels that way. In the end, what is it? It is even up to the universe... In terms of the Unification Church, this is a place where greedy people gather.

How greedy are they? They are so greedy that they wouldn't even complain after swallowing the earth. (Laughter) Reverend Moon is a representative among greedy people, right? America is trying to consume everything. They want to consume it whole without plucking any feathers. (Laughter) I am Korean, and you are Korean, so let's be good to each other as Koreans. (Laughter)

Now, if a Messiah comes who can say, 'I can complete everything in heaven and earth!' wouldn't it be worth following? "Yes." Wouldn't it be worth obeying? "Yes." Wouldn't it be worth cutting off a leg and throwing it away? "Yes." And what about this part...? (Laughter) What do you think? Why are you laughing? Aren't you serious people? Don't you like big things? What about this? (Pointing to his neck) At that time, you would turn around completely. (Laughter) Then God would be right in front of you...

When viewing the universe from this perspective and looking at God's providence, what kind of man was Jesus? He was a representative who pondered these serious issues day and night. I clearly say this is not a matter of imagination. 

To conclude, it is too serious to discuss further. Do you understand? Those who do not know just fumble around and when they catch something, they say, 'Oh, this is mine!' They think that is better. They may be confused, but it is a serious issue. Jesus was the most serious person from a historical perspective.

When the world becomes chaotic, know that it is the end.

Now, everyone, do you sometimes watch wrestling? When wrestling champions fight, how intense it is! Ordinary people get sweaty just watching. But there are not many secrets to their fighting. They do just one thing more than their opponent, just one. If they have just one more secret, they win.

Therefore, to defeat and expel Satan, who is trampling the world, we must have wisdom that exceeds that. If I advance with the goal of completing the ideal world regarding this world, then some representative who becomes our enemy will appear before me. This is a natural conclusion. Isn't it? It is a natural conclusion. If there is a power of death, that power of death appears and makes a fuss. When such a world approaches, it will be a historical end time, and an indescribable era of corruption will come. An indescribable era of chaos will come. Why? Because if God wants to bring an indescribable era of order and an indescribable era of hope in the historical era, evil will act in opposition to disturb this environment.

Therefore, as the end approaches, the collapse of all worldly orders will occur. Satan will surely do that. Parents will not recognize their children, children will not recognize their parents, husbands will not recognize their wives, wives will not recognize their husbands, the sovereign of the nation will not recognize the people, and the people will not recognize the sovereign. Everything will split into two. That time will come. We can theoretically deduce that such a world can be thought of even while sitting.

When will that time be? At that time, not only one nation will be devastated, but the entire world will be thrown into chaos. That time is now. Even looking at the democratic world, it is the same. In the 1960s, America was making a fuss, but now it is in turmoil. It is rumbling in its belly, and we do not know when it will all spill out. (Laughter) When it spills out, it will be exhausted and rolling around. Now, God will think about what remedy to create.

Look at the communist world. Those who were making a fuss about swallowing the world with China are now in a panic. (Laughter) With a million troops gathered at the border, they are preparing for tomorrow or today. This is an interesting situation. So, they can't believe it. They don't believe it, neither do the communists nor the democrats. They don't even trust their own fathers, their own wives, or their own children. If that is the case, then it is all over. If they can't trust their own nation, what will they believe in?

In such a situation, what will they believe? Since they have nothing to believe in, they say, 'Well, I'll just believe in myself!' What about me, my parents, and everything else...

So, when they try to believe in themselves, they wonder where they should stand... The whirlwind is blowing, floods are happening, and whirlpools are churning, and they realize that it is a big deal. So they say, 'Please save me! Please save me!' It has become a big problem. They can't go, they can't die, and they can't live in such an era. Now, science and everything else are exhausted, with mouths open, eyes wide, noses flared, ears perked, and hands outstretched."
Satan would say, "Look at those people whom You say You will save, God. Look at them! They are in such a state! The original humans who want to be Your sons and daughters are like this—what a sight!" Wouldn't that make God feel good? Satan feels good, but what about God? God is appalled. "These guys! These people!" and He would resolve again. At that time, it would be the time when the Messiah can come. It would be the era when the possibility of the Messiah coming transitions. Do you understand? 
“Yes.” 

The Completion of the Will and Our Mission
A time will come when no sovereignty ideology can shout out to this world, no religious ideology can shout out to this world, and no nation, individual, or familial ethics can shout out to this world. When such a chaotic world comes, know that the end is near! When is that time? It is now. We are trained, and the teacher is watching us intently.... Not us, not us.... You see, the Unification Church is not in chaos. Even if the nation shakes and the whole world trembles, our Unification Church is... 

Where will I find my center?
Mr. Moon was not handsome. In the past, Mr. Moon was rumored to be a king dancing naked. The people of South Korea didn't recognize him even as much as a rotten chestnut. He was someone who was not even thought of as much as a flying insect. Moreover, the reason he is so well-known in America is that the American people might be a bit confused. There are all kinds of people. Some American met me and said, "Are you Reverend Moon? I thought you were handsome with a big face, but you are not that great!" (Laughter) You are the same. 

Where is the problem? Where is it? I can only establish my center within myself. There is no way to find the center of the nation elsewhere, no way to find the center of the world elsewhere, and no way to find the center of society, organizations, or families elsewhere. By saying that and searching elsewhere, I have entered the den of despair. I have already raised my hands and surrendered. 

That is why from now on, where should we search? To represent the world starts from me, to represent the family starts from me, to represent the nation starts from me. We must find that "me." That "me" is not today's "me." Was there a representative existence that could be like that? At this point, if there is one person who can replace that "me" that I long for and seek, that person is irreplaceable even for thousands and millions of dollars. It cannot be exchanged for this nation and this world. The conclusion that person is absolutely necessary for me is a valid conclusion. 

With such a position established, God will send a savior, which is a conclusion that can be drawn even with our limited understanding. What do you think? Does that seem likely? “Yes.” Only the members of the Unification Church understand this; what do those who are here for the first time understand? Listen a little more. 

So, looking at the world today, where will we find the personal center? That is the problem. Also, where is the center of the familial foundation that can universally resonate and be supported before the world and the nation? Where is the ethical starting point that youth should choose, and what is the traditional central ideology that can govern the eternal and immortal history and form a single ethnic group? With just humanity, no matter how hard we try, it won't work. We cannot have hope with ourselves, who have tried everything and are in despair. 

That is why if there is such an absolute center, that center is undoubtedly an absolute center representing the individual, an absolute center representing the family, and an absolute center representing the tribe, nation, and state. If such a person exists, it can only be possible through that person. Therefore, it is a natural conclusion that we can only seek one way through that person. 

Then, how should we relate to that person? The conclusion is that we cannot find it in the path of ideology but must find it in the path of religion. We must find it in the true religion among religions. To do that, today, artificially, where will I find my center? Where will I find it? We cannot find it in the very formation of today. Where? We can only find it by developing the fallen self and discovering the original self that can comply with the principles of deep nature. This is what Buddhism calls sitting meditation and true meditation. What is humanity? What is life? 

Even if we hold onto the nation, we will receive greater wounds and flow into an unexpected center. Even if we hold onto the world, we will go further and further away. Even if we hold onto any parents, we will go further away. Therefore, we have come to a time when we have no choice but to bend down and think centered on myself. That time has come. Do you understand? “Yes.” 

How should we find ourselves? If we hold onto something, we may fall from all sides, so we have no choice but to bow our heads and think. We must recognize that we have entered such a time. The nation must bow its head and think, individuals must bow their heads and think, families must bow their heads and think, and the world must bow its head and think. Furthermore, if there is history, it is time for history to bow its head and think. If history has a head, that is. It is not only us humans who must bow our heads and think; God will also bow His head and think. 

The completion of the will is achieved in life or death.
Then, where should that thought go? It should not be a thought that goes to me. If I think and pray, I must think of going to the world and returning to heaven through me. Thus, if we can seek a way to return to heaven while bowing our heads to all historical criticisms, from there, a new cultural world centered on the relationship between humanity and God will be formed. That is what we see. Therefore, our Unification Church is saying we should focus on this point. Since I am a descendant born with fallen nature, I must discard the mask of fallenness. 

That is why we have been chased before the Republic of Korea. Because we do not discard it, the nation opposes us and abandons us, the established church opposes us, and families abandon and expel us. They put us in prison. Seeing this, this is an indirect method of applying a formula. Our Unification Church is walking that path. 

Therefore, to find such a noble value, we must overcome the persecution of the family. Today's parents, families, and all the world are under Satan's dominion, so Satan will strengthen the power of the nation, strengthen the power of the tribe, strengthen the power of religion, and mobilize everything under Satan's dominion to launch a total attack to destroy one center. From that position, it is possible to seek a new path. The outbreak of possibility can start from there. 

Then, where will the completion of the will take place? It does not happen in a palace where people dance, play flutes, drink, and sing. The completion of the will occurs in life or death. 

That is why someone like Jesus looked at this accurately and said, "Those who seek to lose their life will find it, and those who seek to save their life will lose it." Those who seek to lose their life personally will live personally, those who seek to take their family with them to die will live as a family, those who seek to take their nation with them to die will live nationally, and those who seek to take the world with them to die will live globally. 

Thus, with the words proclaimed by Jesus, Christians have walked the path of dying personally, dying as families, dying as tribes, dying nationally, and the whole has voluntarily walked the path of dying religiously. Isn't that what Christianity is? 

Then what is the purpose of using the word death? It is to understand the meaning of life. Then who knows the value of life well? Those who want to live do not know. Only those who have entered the brink of death and have held onto heaven at the crossroads of life and death and have tested the value of life know. 

Now, our Unification Church knows our mission, and since we have said that the completion of the will is our mission.... Then, where should the Unification Church start? Even in seeking the individual, no matter how much we seek the individual, it does not start from me as an individual. It must start from heaven. The restoration of my individual self must be connected with the family, tribe, nation, world, and heaven. It should not be that each one is separately restored; if there is a national foundation and a world foundation that can be restored all at once, all people can be liberated at once by that public law. If we go step by step, taking 10 years, 20 years, or even hundreds of years, it will be a big problem. 

At the same time that we can surpass this comprehensive central standard, we can also represent the completion of God's will and be sent as a central being that Satan can surrender to. That person is the Messiah. If there is such a Messiah, I would have to go even if it costs my life, and I would have to go even if I had to give up the world. If I had a thousand lives, I would have to dedicate them all to follow him. 

If he surpasses a national standard, based on that standard that surpasses the nation, the world nations can officially surpass all at once. When the nation establishes a standard of victory and enters that official law, the tribal official standard will also be smoothly surpassed, the familial official standard will be surpassed, and the individual as a whole will surpass the official standard. If the president of that nation surpasses one law, that nation can easily be saved. 

It is the same. If the president of that nation is capable and sets good policies, there will be development in that nation, and if one president sets the direction well and brings effective results in that era, he will become a famous president of that nation. It is all the same. Do you understand? 

If the Messiah comes as the center of the universe...
Now, while bowing my head and seeking my personal center, if there comes a person who can solve all at once, piercing through the familial standard, the tribal center, the national center, the world center, and the heart of God, how wonderful would that be? How wonderful would it be? 

Right now, North Korea and South Korea are fighting, and if we can prevent Kim Il-sung from coming south of the 38th parallel, what will happen if we can grant the liberation that all the people of the Republic of Korea are longing for? Think about it. Would their eyes pop out? Would their eyes bulge? It wouldn't even make sense for their eyes to pop out and spin around. It would be a more stimulating and magnificent standard. God is omnipotent; wouldn't He think of such a thing? On the day we meet such a person, He can restore the lost nation, rebuild the lost world, and resolve all the sorrows that God has endured until now, being expelled and mocked by Satan, all at once. 

The preparation for such a person has been Christianity. Christianity. If Christianity had united around the Lord who is to come, the world would have... within seven years, they would have eaten everything, roasted everything, and ground everything into powder. Do you understand what I mean? 

Christians should not be wise; they should be foolish, foolish! Instead, they should only know the Messiah, only the Messiah. So when that person says, "Go!" they go even to a stony field. When he says, "Go left!" they go even in the opposite direction of their thoughts. The problem is simple. Such training must be done. God, who has worked the providential history for 6,000 years without finding even one Adam, must have been so resentful and sad. God, who knows that well, understands that to save the beloved humanity, it is impossible without surpassing all those sad historical stages. What was lost in one era must be restored in that era. Therefore, God must send a person who bears the historical representative responsibility of the world, equipped with the name of the Messiah, the Savior. Otherwise, God will fail. 

From this perspective, we can conclude that the concept of the Messiah in the religious world indicates that God exists. Do you understand? 
“Yes.” Now you understand? “Yes.” 

Now, let's go back. What is our mission, the mission of the Unification Church? What is the mission of the Unification Church? What is the mission of the Unification Church? Is it just for me to do well? Even if I do well, if the family fails, everything fails. "Ah, our family must do well?" But if the family does well, what happens? If the tribe fails, the family has already failed. Also, no matter how much the tribe... "Let's just make our Unification Church do well!" Does the Unification Church have a lot of money? There is no money. There have been rumors that it is as if it fell from the sky.... We don't have money, but we can command it to come and go. (Laughter) If I command, "German, bring money!" a bag of money comes, and if I say, "American, bring money!" a bag of money comes. Isn't that actually wonderful? 

Because I don't make such announcements.... "Ah, if I take Mr. Moon's position, I will have a good time." Even if they rush to eliminate Mr. Moon, that won't happen. This is a statement that applies absolutely only to Mr. Moon, right? (Laughter) That is why I am speaking boldly. When I go to America and meet congressmen, senators, or those who are making noise at the UN General Assembly, I have had a good time. They all seemed to be doing well! (Laughter. Applause) How good does that feel? (Laughter) 

Why am I saying this? Because after talking for a long time, my bottom hurts.... It can't be helped. At such times, it is also necessary to make it enjoyable. 

Everyone, have you seen the movie "The Dumb Three Dragons"? That masterpiece is the problem. If a mute is truly mute, it melts even more. It is the same. 

The Mission of the Unification Church
So, what is our mission in the Unification Church? If the established church had not opposed Mr. Moon, the world would have been in my hands before I reached my 30s or 40s. No matter who opposes in the world, I am a man who has come out confidently before God. You can believe this much. Today, Korean Christianity represents the world, so the teacher of the Unification Church speaks on behalf of all Christianity worldwide. 

Mr. Moon of the Unification Church is an individual, but the background behind him is not an individual. He has proven history, proven the times, and done work that can prove the future. Who recognizes that? Do I recognize it? God recognizes it. If you don't believe it, pray to God and ask if it is a lie. 

So, I am doing this to organize the established church within this nation. Even if the established church opposes, this established church, the world established church, is going down.
Yes. The age of religious turmoil has come. It has become an age of religious division. Not only is there division, but after the division, it grows. What do we call this growth? What should we call it? It is an era of growth, an era where religions are increasing. So, the established church pastors are increasing, the elders are increasing, and the deacons are the same. These days, all the young folks are increasing, right? The old folks, who have nowhere to go but the graveyard, have already dried up, and because they cannot move, they are just stuck there.

Everyone, centered around the year 1960, within 14 years, American Christianity has been declining… It is because of the Unification Church. It happened because they opposed Reverend Moon. This established church! When I think of this Korea, this Korean people… If I were to take revenge, I would take their legs and crush them to the bone and say, "You don't stick, do you? You!" Even if I did that, there would be no way to take revenge. Did I ask them for food? The country mobilized the church to oppose me for 30 years to kill me… Is the teacher a beggar? Because we have been quietly sitting like fools, they think it is okay to hit us like a neighborhood drum, but no way! It is because this drum is big that they cannot hear the sound of the drum itself.

Look at Reverend Moon. Look at his eyes! If being cruel means anything, I am the cruelest person in the world. I am someone who can skin a snake alive and eat it. How does it taste? I have tried roasting and boiling to know the taste of life and death. Why? Because I have to fight. Just having compassion is not enough; when I draw the sword of justice, I want to strike correctly, and when I strike, I want to strike all at once and leave a splendid record.

This time, when I went to the UN General Assembly, 138 countries all got involved with the North Korean and Korean issues. That North Korea was talking about victory. These bastards, if I didn't know, I wouldn't know, but these bastards! Truly, the Korean issue has now become international… The luck of Korea has opened up. What is luck? It is because of the luck of Unification Church's Reverend Moon.

Because there were men digging holes and hitting the ground without making a sound, spending money without sleeping in this world, today the Korean issue was able to achieve such victory. But this Secretary of Foreign Affairs goes in front of the UN observers and says, "The victory of the Republic of Korea is due to our diplomatic policy." The whole world knows that it could not have happened without Reverend Moon, but the Republic of Korea does not know. Grateful people, indeed? I did not originally intend to talk about this.

I have been as patriotic as anyone else. I knew that if today's youth do not shed blood, this country will perish, and I knew how the future Korean situation would unfold, so I sent a smuggling ship to Japan 16 years ago. As a citizen of a law-abiding country, even if I am subject to legal restrictions in this era, I knew that a few years later, the Republic of Korea would welcome me with open arms… Mr. Choi came here, but as soon as he came out of the Seodaemun Prison, he sent a secret message from the back yard of the Gapsa.

I sent back the first and second departures. Then I entered the Omura concentration camp, faked illness, escaped, and while running away, I laid the groundwork for the Unification Church.

If I speak for just three hours through the KBS broadcasting network, I have the materials that can melt the hearts of the people of the Republic of Korea. I am not someone who is inferior to anyone. If I want to take revenge on my enemies, even if I wipe out ten million people in one go, it would not be excessive. If I am cruel, I am extremely cruel. That is why I have fought this path of suffering for a lifetime, for 30 years, but I am still not tired. Why? Because I know. But do the young folks get tired? You all need to understand that.

Now, the Unification Church itself is the problem.
Opposing Reverend Moon is related to opposing God. So let’s wait and see. I will see the pastors who come to me with a bag and beg. It is already happening.

If I invite big church pastors from America, how much would it take to move them? Is it money or knowledge? If it is knowledge, let’s compete with knowledge, and if it is money, let’s bet with money. If it is strength, let’s compete with strength. Until I can operate on and heal the young people of America, there can be no hopeful future.

Who is all this because of? They are pushing me to death, to death… Now it will be like that. If Reverend Moon says he will acquire American citizenship, they will say, "Oh, please don’t." Why? Look. I have spent a lot of money. I have spent money that you cannot even imagine. If I need money while crossing borders, I give orders. Until now, it has been hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, not just hundreds of thousands of dollars. It has been hundreds of thousands of dollars. To sweep across the United States, I needed vast resources. While I have been here, I have created assets equivalent to ten million dollars in a year. I have bought land. No matter how much someone like Rockefeller sits and boasts, they cannot understand Reverend Moon. When they ask where the money came from, I say I worked. I worked. I did not steal. I did not rob a bank. There is just one thing that is different from them. For the purpose, I can pour the world's resources into one place. For the purpose, I have the ability to gather the youth of the world in one place. That is different.

All of this was planned by the teacher. I thought that if I did not carry out emergency measures within a year, I could not lay a foundation in America. I have been flying around, tailing planes for 24 hours a day, and have done it all in a year and a half.

Everyone, let me tell you. How famous has Reverend Moon become? This is not self-promotion. How famous has he become? If you go to New York and ask the kids if they know Reverend Moon, there will be no kids who say they don’t know. If I go out to New York now, regardless of the young folks, they all ask for my autograph… I am someone who does not like becoming famous like that. I prefer this. I want to work without a name. When a name appears, it means ruin. Isn’t that right? So, Reverend Moon has not met anyone in the Republic of Korea. I have no choice but to go to America and do this now.

So, it has come to the point of quiz questions. They give a $7,000 car, and the final question is about Reverend Moon. There are hundreds of members of Congress, but the most talked-about subject is Reverend Moon. When they talk about famous people like Tanaka, Nixon, and then suddenly mention Reverend Moon, it has become such a rumor that people are amazed. Everyone knows… Do you think I just sat around and talked about the world and that would happen? I made it happen. I made it all happen. I made it with these hands, with this head, with effort. I did what no one in the Republic of Korea could do.

Everyone, until now, when you mention Reverend Moon in Korea… I am amazed. Even if I use force, I do not lose to anyone. Can’t I run, can’t I exercise, can’t I speak, can’t I fight? I can do it all. I have not learned anything. I am a man who has never thought that I would lose to anyone regarding this. Being born in the Republic of Korea is a curse. Until now, how much disdain have I received, like a tiger with a broken back? These bastards! They must repent and celebrate today.

When I entered here, everyone welcomed me, saying, "Reverend Moon, the victorious Reverend Moon!" I am grateful. However, if they had done that 10 or 20 years ago, this nation would not have created the 38th parallel, and the communists would have already been dancing in my hands.

But because I had a foolish father, because I had foolish brothers, I think about how I ended up like this. However, I have endured for 20 years, passing it off as fate. I have just endured silently, even when trampled, and have rolled along until now. So, I said a word. For those who feel bad, it should feel so bad that their stomach hurts…

Where is the problem? The problem lies within yourselves. The Unification Church, now the Unification Church itself is the problem. It has caused many disturbances. Where will this go and fall? Where will it stand? Now is truly the last posture… No matter how much you have the fate of a bandit leader and gather, even if you are destined to fall, when it comes to fulfilling the responsibility of a nation, even a bandit leader can become a patriot of the country and a loyal subject.

Yet today, what kind of bandit leader are the members of the Unification Church? They are struggling to save the nation and the world, wandering left and right, and now where will they go? The world stage has come before us… They have no energy to fly away, and they know nothing to go…

Justice is not won by fighting, but by enduring.
Look. This year, I plan to completely organize 120 mission departments with fewer than 40 people each. I will send three people: one Japanese, one German, and one American. If we do that, from now on… So, what will we do with the Koreans? We will leave out the Koreans. Does that feel good? Why?

The reason the Unification Church has come to this point is that the people remaining here at the headquarters, the executives, must take responsibility for the indemnity. After one hurdle, another hurdle remains… They cannot go, nor can they stay, and they must repent, crying out, "God!" I think so. When they come to the teacher and say, "Teacher, congratulations on your victory," what is that? They need to be hit with a club.

So, the problem is that you must fulfill the mission of our Unification Church. The established church has gone wrong… The world Christianity is now doomed. Therefore, the democratic world that stands at the base of world Christian thought is now diminishing. This becomes another problem.

God intended to unite the country of America with a super-national Christian thought and create a national form to serve as a stepping stone for an ideal purpose, but it has fallen into a foundation where that cannot happen. Even Korean Christianity has fallen. So, I have been going around for decades and have now come this far.

Then what will Reverend Moon of the Unification Church present? It is to complete personal indemnity and restoration. It is to complete personal indemnity and restoration, and to establish the standard of family responsibility indemnity in my lifetime. It is to complete the indemnity and restoration of the tribal level. Someone must do it. It is to complete the indemnity and restoration of the national level. After that, we must achieve global indemnity and restoration. Someone must do it. But you must know!

In this country, this nation, the International Victory Federation was established without the knowledge of the people. What did I present to the leaders of the Korean Residents Association when I visited the embassy in 1965? "In a few years, a great crisis will occur for the Korean residents because of the Chongryon. So, you must listen to me now!" I said. When I had our officials do that, they scoffed. For a long time, I faced opposition, and when I had no name, seven years ago, right? Just about seven or nine years ago, I had no name. Isn’t that right? Moon something, I had no name.

We created the Victory Federation, carrying lunchboxes to the police in the area and being treated with disdain… I wanted to cut through that shell with a knife and take revenge, but I thought I should not do that, I should not do that, and I endured. "Justice is not won by fighting, but by enduring," and I endured. Even now, there are times when my whole body feels paralyzed from the pain. But because God has endured even more than that, I must endure because of the sin of being a son.

Now, who will present the national, great national indemnity path, the standard of national completion? Who will present the global standard of completion? If we connect based on the Christian foundation that God has laid, we could simultaneously mobilize 120 countries, but since the environment opposes it, where will we fulfill the will of heaven? We must recreate it.

Jesus Christ, who came to Judaism, believed in the Israelite people, but when that foundation shook, as he headed towards the Roman Empire, drawing a hyperbola of blood and tears, there was only a miserable path for him. The nation only spat and cursed. Jesus was dying. If Jesus had not died and the Israelite people had inherited Jesus's will and established the church, today the Vatican would be in Jerusalem, Israel. However, because Jesus died, he could not negotiate a national standard, a tribal standard, a family standard, or an individual standard with the nation, and because he could not complete the victory, by the flowing history, Rome became the leading nation of world Christianity. This is a lamentable matter from Jesus's perspective. The enemy's country has taken over the foundation of his successors and is in a position to dominate the world… If a person loses a friend and has only enemies, they have no choice but to make enemies their friends. This is the sorrow of Christianity.

Therefore, to reach that point, Christians have walked a path of fate that they must endure, overcoming with hope for tomorrow, through blood, tears, sweat, and death. Even if they fell into the trap of personal global disdain, they had to endure. Even if they were driven by family global persecution, they had to endure. They had to endure even in the traps of national and global persecution. Why? Because of the sin of killing Jesus, the sin of killing Jesus! That is the principle of indemnity.

Because I understand this… I, Reverend Moon, was originally not supposed to go to America in my 50s. I could have gone in my 30s. I am someone who could go with my head and my abilities, but why did I live in disdain in the Republic of Korea? Why did I spend 50 years of my life here? This Republic of Korea, this Korean people, with 5,000 years of history, a history full of twists and turns, becoming an independent nation, and as a victorious nation representing the heavenly fortune, I knew that if I cursed this miserable nation, which could not have the name of victory and the national authority of Israel, and left, this nation would… Just as when Jesus Christ returned to the Israelite people, his disciples went to Rome and laid the foundation, and all the blessings were taken away by Rome, I worried that Korea would become a miserable and tragic country, so I quietly… I do not know if the reason for the fishing of Gang Tae-gong was for one nation, but the decades of enduring by Reverend Moon was to resolve God's resentment, to resolve God's resentment. It was a path to try to solve the point that Jesus and historical figures hoped for. Even while being beaten, even while grinding my teeth, even if I was beaten by this cursed nation, I was trying to resolve God's resentment.

These established church pastors, I have many people to take revenge on, but because I know God…
on, and the nation bridge could not be established. This is why Jesus died. He could not establish the individual, family, tribe, and nation bridges. 

Therefore, the mission of the Messiah is to establish these bridges. The Messiah must establish the individual bridge, the family bridge, the tribal bridge, and the national bridge. This is the foundation for the Kingdom of Heaven on Earth. 

The reason the Messiah comes is to fulfill God's will. The will of God is to restore the world to its original state, where there is no sin, no Satan, and no division. The Messiah must restore the original world, which is the world of God's love. 

The original world is the world where God's love reigns, where the family, tribe, nation, and world are united under God's love. 

The fallen world is the opposite of this. Because of the fall, Satan became the ruler. The Messiah must defeat Satan and restore the world to its original state. 

The providence of salvation is a process that has unfolded throughout history. Religion plays a crucial role in this process as a bridge to fulfill God's will. 

After 4,000 years of preparation, Jesus came to establish the Kingdom of Heaven and fulfill God's will. To do this, he needed to break the sovereignty of Satan and return to the world of God's will. 

If Jesus had united the Roman Empire, which was one with the Israelite nation, within 40 years of his life, the world would have returned to one nation under God. 

The place where God hopes to see this fulfillment is none other than the Unification Church.
Because he could not establish a bridge for the nation or the people. Jesus could not complete the earthly kingdom due to his death, so in order to complete the earthly kingdom, it must be restored through indemnity. That is why we must do the opposite of what Jesus did. We must do what Jesus could not do. In order for Jesus to establish the earthly kingdom, he should have formed a family. As I mentioned earlier, he should have completed the model of the family. As an individual, he had the authority to overcome Satan and the ability to win against the realm of Satan, but he could not establish the authority to subjugate Satan and set up a family. He could not have that authority on a tribal level. He could not have it on a national level either. The entire nation opposed him. Not even one person could be said to have followed Jesus. For the sake of a global earthly kingdom that had been prepared for 4,000 years, everything opposed him, and the relative foundation collapsed all at once, making him a lone general. Therefore, he had no choice but to die.

With nothing left for Jesus personally, and with nothing to support his family, tribe, nation, or country, Satan directly confronted Jesus. That is why Jesus, without a foundation, had to fulfill his will even in death and established a spiritual foundation. The foundation that could connect Jesus' platform and body to the world had to be established, but since this could not be done, and since both spiritual standards could not be lost, Christianity will connect with the spiritual standard.

Thus, Christianity follows the path Jesus took. It follows the path of the cross. Because Jesus shed blood, Christianity also goes forth shedding blood. It sheds blood personally, sheds blood as a family, sheds blood tribally, sheds blood nationally, and sheds blood historically. A tragic blood drama has unfolded. Therefore, as the end approaches, the Israelite people have been sacrificed personally, sacrificed as families, sacrificed nationally, and sacrificed as a country. Hitler's massacre of six million was a sacrifice of individuals, families, tribes, and nations all at once. It all happens like that.

That is why the Lord who is to come again cannot come riding on a cloud. To come on a cloud is nonsense, a meaningless statement. Today’s established churches, do they say Jesus comes riding on a cloud? Absolutely not! Just wait and see. It does not match theoretically.

Jesus came as the second Adam to complete what the first Adam failed to do, but because the tradition of brothers united in God's love could not remain on this earth, he must establish the tradition of brothers, the tradition of new couples, the tradition of new parents, and give birth to sinless sons and daughters, thereby forming a tribe and nation from a family that God directly governs, aiming to create a single Adamic nation and a single Adamic people.

However, this world has become like a ragged piece of cloth, fighting like a pack of beggars, and it all must perish. It must perish quickly. Then, should the members of the Unification Church perish together? "No, they will not perish." Isn't that a thief's mindset? If one says others should perish while they themselves will not, isn't that stealing? Should they perish or not? "They should not perish." No matter how large the world is or how many countries there are, what God expects is only the Unification Church, so if it perishes, it would be a big problem.

Then why do we have hope in the Unification Church? Because it seeks to resolve the resentment of Jesus, the resentment of Christianity, and the resentment of the Israelite people. It also seeks to resolve historical resentment. So, the Unification Church...

Now, what is the fundamental reason for Jesus' death on the cross? It lies in the fact that the twelve disciples could not unite. Right? "Yes." Among the twelve disciples, the three main disciples also acted according to their own whims. Right? The three disciples could not unite, the twelve disciples could not unite, and then what happened? The seventy disciples could not unite, the one hundred twenty disciples could not unite, and then the nation and the world could not unite, which is why he died. Therefore, this must be restored through indemnity.

Now is the practical religious age; the Unification Church is a practical religion.

If Jesus had gotten married, would he have died? If Jesus had married, he would have had sons. Would those sons have sin or not? "They would not." How do you know? How do you know? How can you say they are sinless? What if Jesus had a daughter? Would she have sin or not? "She would not." Then, did Jesus ever become a sinless parent? "He did not." If he had sinless sons and daughters, would he not have been a sinless parent?

If all those sinless sons and daughters were brought together in the history of grafting, if they simply obeyed the principle of indemnity of Cain and Abel, then all at once, the tribe and nation could be organized. Then they would all come under Jesus, and Jesus would immediately become the king of the nation of Israel. Right? If that had happened, who would have killed him? At that time, the political power of Rome was already exhausted. If Jesus had just raised a flag then, the twelve tribes of Jacob in the Arab world could have united and entered Rome all at once. He should have entered alive, not dead. He should have entered Rome being welcomed, not being chased and driven away.

If that had happened, the Arab world would have already been unified. Today, there is no Islamic authority; there is none. At that time, Rome was also nothing special. Before Jesus, who was a thought leader and responsible figure, what war could Rome have waged? There was no need for fighting. It would have been enough just to carry out a missionary operation. It would have been enough to ignite a fire. It would have been like turning on a light switch.

If that had happened, Jesus could have subdued Rome within seven years after the age of thirty-three. If that had happened, he would have laid the foundation for the world beyond the Roman people, and then today, Christianity would not exist at all. There would be no Christianity. There would be no Roman Catholicism, no Protestantism, no Methodism, no Presbyterianism; all those trivial beggar-like things would not exist. This is an extension of the history of the Israelite people. If that had happened, would the Unification Church exist today? "No." If the Unification Church did not exist, Reverend Moon would not have faced persecution. 

Today, in Christianity, when Reverend Moon says that Jesus should have gotten married, they call the Unification Church a heresy. Those who call it heresy are the real heretics. Now, was Jesus a bachelor or a widower? "He was a bachelor." Was he a true bachelor or a false bachelor? Think about it. Was he a true bachelor or a false bachelor? Did he ever date? "No, he did not." He did not, right? If he did not, then why is he called a bachelor? "He is called a true bachelor." He is a true bachelor. If he is a true bachelor, would he have wanted to get married or not? "He would have." No, Jesus did not want to. Jesus was hungry, wasn't he? "He was." When he was hungry, did he eat or not? "He did." When Jesus climbed a ladder... (demonstrating while speaking) did he breathe or not? "He did." When he went to the bathroom, would it smell or not? But they think that the smell for Jesus would be like the smell of perfume. (laughter) Now, let’s be clear, whose words are correct? Is it Reverend Moon's words or the words of the established church pastors? Those who speak nonsense, go away! That religious age has already passed. Right? Now is the practical religious age. Right? Isn't that so?

In that sense, the Unification Church is developing. It is a practical religion. Right? It is definitely so. I have studied science. I do not like all that nonsense and frivolity; I dislike it. I analyze it, and if the results do not match, I do not go there or think about it.

Now, the statement that Jesus should get married is not a universally valid statement! Right? "It is valid." You listen to that, huh? I thought you weren't listening. Your ears are indeed precious. Because Jesus is truly a bachelor, he truly wanted to get married. 

That marriage is not to just any ordinary woman; it is to the world's number one woman, the world's number one woman! Through the history of Israel, he came to find a woman who represented the chosen people. He came to meet that woman. Do you know who that should have been? Do you know who it was? If the families of Zechariah and Joseph had united, they would have all celebrated, given birth to sons and daughters, and even if they died, it would have become a stepping stone to extend through Jesus' family to the world. Based on this, Christianity should have proclaimed a new Israel and a globalism.

Yet, how much did Jesus suffer from that nation? Why did he perform miracles before that foolish nation? Did he not wander around with the local dogs, going from place to place, and ended up being beaten to death by the Jews? That was a foolish game.

Reverend Moon also played a foolish game, but he did not die. Right? He played a foolish game. Why did he call those who opposed him "children of vipers"? When two fight, one is bound to die; there is no other way. The Unification Church remains quiet even when challenged, so one of the two survives. That is the only secret to survival; that is why the Unification Church, the proud Unification Church, also played a foolish game.

Now, why did Jesus fail? He failed because he could not get married. The problem is simple. (laughter) This is theoretical, so it cannot be helped. Look closely at the principle. If I were to align the dates, no scholar or anyone else could refute it. Everything fits perfectly. How to interpret the current era and how to overcome it, how Korea will be in the future, what do they know? It is not found in any of the millions of university libraries. It is only in the library of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. (laughter) That is why even Westerners, who boast loudly, cannot say a word.

Now, at the same time that Jesus could not get married, did he send the twelve disciples to get married? "No, he did not." He educated them all not to get married. (laughter) Wouldn't that be so? Jesus had to get married first for the disciples to get married. If the twelve disciples had gotten married, what would have happened? Even if Jesus died and the twelve disciples died, would their sons and daughters have remained or not? "They would have remained." Then God could have grafted based on those sons and daughters. If that had happened, the tribe could have been cut off all at once and grafted in.

Then, centered around families, the representative twelve families, seventy disciples, and one hundred twenty disciples would all be included. If that had happened, they would all have been officially grafted in at once, resulting in the organization of the tribe. Then, if they stirred them up saying, "Hey, let’s go to heaven!" they would have responded, "Yes, let’s go to heaven." The national heavenly kingdom would have been established there.

So, if told to dig the ground, they would dig; if told to dig a hole, they would dig; if told to go up, they would go up; if told to go down, they would go down. Do you understand? If that had happened, it would have become the earthly kingdom. Right? "Yes." Seeing you nod your heads, it seems you understand.

If Jesus had given all the Israelites a wedding, would he have died? "No, he would not have died." He did not die. But he could not do this and went away. The one hundred twenty disciples were a representative number on a global scale. Because Jesus came centered on the national foundation, he could not start from below the authority of God. Also, he could not lay both the physical and spiritual foundations, but he had to go out toward the global stage even from a spiritual standard. That is why Christianity has no foothold on the earth. It is all nonsense. Ah, the kingdom of the spirit world! The Lord of the spirit world! They are hoping for a delusional, conceptual heaven.

That is why Jesus must come again. And when he comes again, the Messiah comes for the absolute will of God, and just as that will is one and not two, the path is also one. It is not two. The Messiah who comes to fulfill one will comes to the earth in one way; there are not two ways.

Then, what must one Messiah do when he comes to this earth? He must organize a new global family, a new tribe, a new nation, but since he could not do that and left, he must come again to fulfill that. It is the same as a company employee who has finished all the paperwork; why would he go on another business trip? It is the same.

The way the Messiah comes again is one. The absolute son of God comes to fulfill the one absolute will of God, and that path is always eternal and unchanging. That is why it is a valid theory that Jesus must come again in the flesh because he could not fulfill his will in the flesh. Think carefully about whether that is true or not. See if Reverend Moon's words are correct or not.

Today, Christians say, ha ha! The doctrine of the cross! The cross! What kind of cross? It is the cross that ruined the world; this cross must be broken. I hate the cross the most. This cross! Because of the cross, Jesus died, the Israelite nation fell, Judaism fell, and because of the extension of two thousand years, humanity has become what it is today. What would have happened if there had been no cross? If he had not been killed, he would have sat quietly, giving birth to sons and daughters, and practicing the way for another thirty years... If he practiced the way for just forty years, surely... He would have eaten and farmed in that country. People would either understand or not, waiting until Rome fell. While waiting, if he organized the tribe, naturally, God's will would be fulfilled.

To save the family, I must sacrifice myself one hundred percent. Today, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is the same. If you do not follow my words, you talk about things I told you not to talk about. You spread rumors based on your own thoughts, saying that Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is the Lord... Have you ever heard me say, "I am the Lord!"? You foolish children... You foolish, messy-haired bachelors... But do not feel hurt if the grandparents or professors come! I am not talking about you... I have been troubled and have gone through all sorts of nonsense because of those childish things.

So! Who must resolve this? Therefore, on a global scale, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church declares, "Let’s resolve God's resentment! Let’s resolve Jesus’ resentment, the Holy Spirit’s resentment, and all the historical failures of our ancestors!" This is what Reverend Moon of the Unification Church seeks.

Until now, how to liberate Abraham? I did not know that. I did not know how to address Moses' mistakes. Abraham did not know. Isaac and Jacob did not know. John the Baptist did not know. Jesus himself did not know for sure. You hear this for the first time, right? How do I know? I have met Jesus. I have met John the Baptist. I have met them all, so I speak because I know everything. No matter how many times you advertise, you cannot deceive the person who knows the facts.
Just wait and see! Even if there are millions or billions of Christians, they will be swept away by my wind! The wind is starting to blow. Right now, it’s blowing slowly, but it’s going to get bigger and bigger. It will grow stronger. In Korea, the wind can be raised at will, right? Now! I will raise the wind and slowly sweep through Korea, and then I will go to America and gradually sweep through America, and now I will sweep through the world.

Now, because of this issue, I bless the Unification Church. I perform weddings. Weddings must be performed. That’s how it is in the world. Oh, Teacher Moon, what about family…? Yes, I got divorced. I got divorced. “How can a religious leader get divorced?” they say, but listen to me, didn’t I end up not getting divorced? Even though I put in all my sincerity, if they don’t listen, what can I do? All the leaders of the Unification Church wore dung hats, you know, dung hats. Do you understand what I mean? To whom? To us, from back then. Wearing dung hats, no one has ever been beaten. I was hit with shoes… At that time, I realized that I was a foolish man in the world.

As for wives… In the East, they say that a woman should always support her husband. But is that the case for a husband? That’s breaking it. That can’t be. If it had been done silently, the whole world would have melted away… As you all know, I played that game.

Look. Individuals must sacrifice to save families, and families must sacrifice to save tribes, so if a wife doesn’t listen, God must take action to save the heavenly principles. This is the principle. I never said I wanted a divorce. Just because rumors spread, I was called to the police station… From Busan to Daegu to here in Seoul, I… That woman is a woman. She is a thorough woman. If I had lived with such a woman these days, I would have been really happy at home. (Laughter) If I asked for rice twelve times a day, she would have done it. Even now, that person says, “In this world, there’s no one like our Seongjin’s father.” You see, she knows.

So, since I am someone who follows God, I had no choice but to wait for several years, several years. In fact, I waited for several years. Should I save a nation and the world, or should I save my wife? So, I said, “Cut it off!” and it was cut off by heavenly command. Who opposes heavenly command? Who? When I was living alone, I could see the fortune-telling to get married. If someone said such a thing in front of me, I would grab them by the collar and say, “You little brat, have you ever been in my position? If it were you, you would have prayed to God to kill that wife. But I am a person who has never prayed even once for such a thing, even if there were a thousand opportunities.” That’s what I would say. No matter how you look at it, it’s better. If it’s such a man, he’s a real man.

So, that’s how our Unification Church is. For the nation, the people must sacrifice. For the nation, Unification Church members must sacrifice. That principle is firmly established. If we are right, we are right, but we cannot make the nation right. It’s the same. To save a tribe, families must be right. To save the church, families must be sacrificed. It’s the same. To save a family, I must sacrifice myself. I must sacrifice myself one hundred percent. That principle, whether viewed as an individual, as God in the heavenly world, or as a historical saint, or from a conscientious standpoint, in every aspect has exceeded that limit, and if left as it is, the nation will perish and the people will perish, so it must be dealt with. Our Unification Church operates based on such principles… If it goes in the opposite direction, it’s divorce. Based on such principles, according to God’s word, the Unification Church recognizes divorce.

The numerical significance of blessed families
The completion of the will and our mission
Now, to establish the heavenly kingdom on earth, families must be formed. Families must be formed. Jesus’ three disciples, twelve disciples… This represents the three eras: the era of resurrection, the era of growth, and the era of completion. The 36 families represented that, then the 72 families… Cain and Abel fought centered on families, so from that representative standpoint, the 72 families represent 72 nations, representing the nations. Then there are the 124 families. Adding four families to the 120 families, to save people from east, west, south, and north, that’s why such a number was attached. The 120 families…

What comes next? The 430 families. Centered on the history of 4,300 years… 430 years is a combination of the numbers 3 and 4, where 3 is the number of heaven and 4 is the number of earth. When combined, it becomes 12. From a principled perspective, it’s all like that. When the Israelite people returned to Canaan, it was all 430 years… The number 43 can also be 7, 4, or 3; it all connects. It can also be 12.

Thus, the history of 430 years is restored through the 430 pairs of the Unification Church. Therefore, anyone from any nation can go to the heavenly kingdom, everyone. Even those who are stained, those who have sinned, even thieves, even outcasts, all are invited, all of them. This is how the door has been opened for everyone to enter.

I have laid the national foundation like this. I have laid it all down… But just that is not enough; to establish a global relationship, I must establish a relative relationship concerning the 43 pairs centered on ten countries in the world. It must be woven together. Through this, people from around the world can enter the heavenly kingdom. They can go into the will of God.

Because I have laid this down, centered on the 43 pairs, in the 1970s, 777 pairs were blessed worldwide… This is the last. So, 3, 12, 70, 120, and then? “430.” 430, and then? “777.” 777 families. So, 3, then 12, 72, 120, 430, 777, including the teacher. The wedding corresponding to the number 7 has been completed. Do you understand?

That’s why, centered on the year 1970, the Unification Church has paved the way for families and individuals to go anywhere in the world. Do you understand? Now, what happens? In front of the world’s nations, the teacher has made personal indemnity and family indemnity. Until the 1960s, personally… Even if the nation opposed and all the churches opposed, I do not retreat. I move forward.

So even while attending court and being interrogated, I had my wedding then. So, with all that commotion and fighting… Fight, I say. I stepped over it in the fiercest battleground. In the 1960s… I established a position, and from then on, I released everything that my ancestors had bound. So, I connected this and laid the global foundation. Because I have laid it like this, what will happen next? I have fulfilled all my responsibilities.

In the first seven-year course in 1960, I fulfilled my responsibility, so in the second seven-year course, I had to establish a mother, a mother. Since the restoration history must recreate a mother through Adam, I must create a mother. I must make a woman who can stand up to anyone in the Unification Church and stand confidently before Satan… “Whether I die or live, do as you wish!” I must create a wife without any objections. Even if it requires historical indemnity… The sun led Adam to destruction and dragged him out of this history in every way…

At that time, there was persecution personally, persecution at home, persecution by tribes, and the entire nation and world opposed the Unification Church members so much. They couldn’t help but oppose. Since the teacher lived alone, many women dreamed of trying to approach the teacher in one way or another. There were many parents too. But unexpectedly, I went to find an 18-year-old girl, bringing rice… (Laughter) Why 18? I was 40 at that time. What would a 40-year-old do, bringing an 18-year-old girl to be his wife? (Laughter)

Look. The situation of the Unification Church is complicated. There are many paddles, but if they shake their heads, they would be embarrassed to say they are second in the world. I brought this foolish person here, and this humiliation… Whether they are educated or not, if I say something, the women are numerous, like threading fish into a string… (Laughter) Why did that happen? Think about it. At that time, I hadn’t even graduated from the second year of high school. Would it be because I missed a woman? There is a mother here, but that is not all my will.

Now, the remaining issue is the blessed families of the Republic of Korea
I had to bear the cross, a double cross. I must bear my personal cross. Every human must bear a personal cross. Because Adam could not fulfill his responsibility and died on a personal cross, it is not a death that overturns history, but here, one must become a man who has the strength to break through, no matter how much Satan, who rules over individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, mocks and curses. One must believe in God and work for God.

Adam could not believe in God, could not love from heaven, and could not die for heaven, which is the fall, so one must believe in God, love God, and stand on the side of heaven. The iron rule, the principle is that one must stand in the position of the original son who has not fallen.

Now, even if the nation opposes, straighten your shoulders! Torture me! I am not a coward. If you see that, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church is a resilient person. He is resilient, right? He is a strong person. That’s why I am being trained. I have done everything. I have done everything… Even now, I can still jump over walls.

Look. My body is quite usable, isn’t it? (Laughter) I was even a wrestling player in high school. Can’t I play soccer? There’s nothing I can’t do. I have tried everything. I have experienced life well. If I go out to beg for food, I would be the best at getting food. So, whether that’s true or not, let’s see. Why? You all don’t know how to see people. You don’t know how to see people, do you? But when I look into their eyes and say, “What are you thinking?” they say, “Yes!” If I say, “You buy lunch!” they say, “Yes!” That’s how it is. (Laughter) If it’s not like that, can Teacher Moon of the Unification Church make a living? I predict the fate of the nation, yes, I predict. Just because I predict doesn’t mean I’m a fortune-teller. I measure it with a measuring stick. Why am I saying this again? Because you all need to wake up.

Now that I have laid the global foundation. The question is, what about our families in the Republic of Korea, the blessed families, in terms of family… The teacher has personally borne the cross, and the mother has personally borne the cross, so what must we do next? The time is coming when the children of our families will be taken by Satan.

That’s why miserable events have all occurred. I am grateful that even though I went out to evangelize, I fell off a train and died. I am grateful that my family has become a family that can bear the name of the first martyr. Today, the family of Teacher Moon of the Unification Church has become such a family. I know for sure that indemnity and restoration are the principles that go on… Such things happen.

What remains next? We must strike the Unification Church family. The time is coming when the Unification Church family will be right. Because of that, the nation is becoming a mess. In an unavoidable miserable position, it falls into the enemy’s mockery and misfortune. So, representing our Unification Church, the blessed families… In terms of being able to continue the global fortune and the spiritual Christian fortune, we must present those who can bear the family cross before history in front of the world. Do you understand?

Family salvation is here… The Unification Church, after going through hardships and giving blessings, from 1970 to 1972, for three years, family mobilization! These little brats, preparing a pot, because the teacher blessed them and told them to live well, I don’t know if they wanted to live happily by cooking rice… I couldn’t settle down. I couldn’t have my house in Cheongpa-dong. I buy a house after having cleared the way I must go. So, for three years, I said to repent! Hold on to your nation, abandon your wives, abandon your husbands, and divide north and south! Put your children in orphanages, and leave them all to your fathers, mothers, and relatives! You must leave them! You must leave them.

Without the Unification Church, this country cannot survive.
Who will forgive the sins of this nation? Isn’t there no way to forgive those who insulted Teacher Moon and opposed the Unification Church? To forgive this nation, we must leave all our children to relatives. Even though they are hateful, by establishing the condition of having loved them with tears for three years, because God worked for those whom He loves in the Unification Church, this nation, which had to oppose, could find a way to be recognized by the condition of having loved them even if they didn’t want to. From that time, new rumors began to spread in Korea. That’s how it was.

Now, having borne such a cross, since the years 1970 and 1972 have ended, what is next? After overcoming the family cross, we must head towards the national cross and the national cross. Since the nation bore the cross for the people, now there must be a group that bears the cross for the world, and that group is the unified people. The Unification Church members scattered across many countries, over 50 nations, must unite and now bear the cross for the world. We must bear the cross.

That was when the teacher was heading towards America in 1972. It opened the way to avoid the heavenly whip against the nation and the people. By that time, the Unification Church could not be eliminated in the Republic of Korea. Our Unification Church, centered around the Victory Alliance, is the only religion that engages in such activities among religions. In terms of ideology, there is no one but the Unification Church. This is what was taught at the training center. That is what the nation testifies.

Now, it has become clear that this nation cannot survive without Unification thought. Now, I don’t need to be more than this. Because I have reached such a point, I have already overcome the family cross and the national cross, so now the Unification Church must take on the global cross.

The three-year course of the family cross, the three-year course of the global cross… From this perspective, the original mission of the teacher is not about the Republic of Korea. It is a global mission! Because it is a global mission, it can connect the global foundation… Through the blessed families, surpassing the path of national indemnity and the path of the cross… To make this nation, which is bound to perish, understand God’s justice and the providential extension of God, we have made the blessed families of our Unification Church go through hardships and placed them in miserable positions, making this nation cry out to God for blessings while holding onto their sons and daughters. Thus, when those parents return, instead of cursing, they say, “Hey! You, you foolish man, or mother! Even animals love their young, but you abandon your children…” and they say things like that… Such insults are acceptable anywhere.
Mother, what I am doing is not for myself. It is to cover the historical misfortune of this country. Even if I am beaten, this is a new hope's beating; even if I am cursed, it is a new hope's curse, from a place of tears and sorrow…. Through the baby, centered around the baby, Mother, or the mother-in-law and relatives can come together….

The fate of the Republic of Korea…. The Republic of Korea, which was within the fate that could lead to the downfall of Christianity that opposed the Unification Church, has lost because the blessed families of this Republic of Korea became the ones who caused the downfall of the Unification Church…. Rather than my mother returning quickly, I say to do more evangelism and return, and the historical background of wiping away tears has become a foundation that can still advance to the world, even if only spiritually. Under that foundation, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church walked the path of the world’s cross. This is a three-year journey. Do you understand? From November 1972 until now…. Until the proclamation of the Day of Victory.

When I went to America, I established missionaries and went through a history of 14 years…. I knew that the land of America was a historical nation that represents the current democratic world, centered on the people chosen by God, and that it was trying to make a final decision, so I went in 1965 and organized everything. Do the missionaries know this? Those who just fight and mess around, I wish they didn’t exist….

I started that from February 1972, centered around Lincoln Hall, after sorting this out. Because God commanded it, for three years I went to the land of America and spoke, whether they listened or not. The path to the worldwide Canaan return is the same as that of the Israelite people, so because I chose the American people to lead them, I had to fulfill a mission like passing through the desert to enter the world’s Canaan welfare. Moses had a responsibility to inform his people in the land of Egypt, and if he didn’t inform them, he would be punished. He must inform them all.

So, for three years, I received such a secret mission and went to the land of America, but how much Satan opposed me, I got caught in Japan. Then, when I entered America, I got caught again. I had no choice but to go to Canada, but I got caught there too. I ended up having a big fight with the newspaper in America and the State Department, causing issues in the Senate and House.

So what was the content? Why were they trying not to let Reverend Moon in? That was the content. They all went to the Canadian consulate…. How much do our children eat? They confronted, asking what crime our teacher committed to oppose his entry. From morning to evening, they pressed, so the consul was in a difficult position. Looking closely, they were innocent and truly unassuming people, but why was the U.S. State Department making an issue? There was a yellow card in the inquiry document. What was the content? Ah! Because there was an article about Reverend Moon's communist activities in 1962, they said it was not allowed. So I fought back. I am an enemy of the communists, and how could I have engaged in communist activities, those bastards! I wrote letters to all the upper and lower house members who knew this.

The consul was cornered. When did this happen? The CIA, hearing all the slanderous words from established churches, said, "You guys are going to take down Reverend Moon, who is said to be the king of the world’s intelligence organization!" It was possible, right?

So by special order from the Secretary of State, I entered America. When was that? It was November 18, 1972. At that time, our Little Angels were performing at Lincoln Center. I was trying to get in, but all the planes had taken off, so I had to go by propeller plane, and it feels like just yesterday, flying here and there on a windy day.

That’s where the fight began, for three years. America is so vast…. For three years…. It feels like a dream. If it’s God’s command, I must do it, right? I must do it? "Yes." It is said that those who wish to die will live, so let’s die! When? From 1972 to July 1973, I worked with all my heart. So I proclaimed the day of victory here and came to Korea to connect with Korea….

Then, starting from Carnegie Hall on October 1, the New York Times and everyone said, "What about this Oriental person…." They thought it was funny that a nameless Unification Church in the East was doing something while Christianity was in such a state. Those bastards! So I took care of it all. Last year, I organized an international mobile force and went around 31 cities with vast resources. Can we do it since there are no people? I did more than an election campaign with the world mobile force. I already campaigned in each state. Centered around Madison Square Garden, all the New York Times, whatever Times, were all…. Would they fall for my strategy or not? Within three weeks, the responsible people got caught. Within three weeks, they were completely caught in what I told them to do….

Events in New York
So they secretly came to cover the story. The city of New York said, "Put up 3,000 flyers!" That costs about $2,000. Why did they do that? Because after Nixon retreated, the communists were all doing nationwide training to strengthen their organization. Ah, we are in the center of the East, but they were putting up flyers from the West, massively against us…. "Reverend Moon!" They also know me, the communists. From their perspective, I am the enemy. They know this is not something to be taken lightly….

So when we put up flyers, they would stick theirs on top, and if we put one up, they would put two up, and if we took ours down, they would put four up, and if we put four up, they would put eight up, and ten up, and sixteen up…. It kept growing. After doing that for a few weeks, it wouldn’t do. So the next order was to put them all on the walls. (Laughter) Then they put them up 100 meters, hundreds of meters.

So they couldn’t compete with us financially, and the budget exceeded…. We just made it if we didn’t have a budget. (Laughter) So every wall, every wall…. So when everyone went to work in the morning, they automatically saw the teacher’s face. Whether they wanted to see it or not, they saw it, and whether they wanted to hear it or not, they heard it, and they saw it while campaigning on the street, seeing this and that. A big problem arose.

So everyone, Walter from CBS TV is a world-renowned person. He is in New York, and he is a person, so he has to eat and go to work. But our agents were definitely on the streets, and they were sitting in every alley, so everyone who came, whether they liked it or not, had to greet and meet them. That person, thinking he was in the media, tried to test it. He poked around here and there, looking at all the places they went…. He became a person of interest. Their theories were coherent. He didn’t know who those people were campaigning on the street and cursed them. He was completely amazed. Every day, doing that, he became a person of interest. He finally understood the Unification Church, which he had looked down upon.

So as he started to learn directly, his eyes were opened and his nose was running. Not that his nose was actually running. (Laughter) 

So it became, "Hey! We need to interview Reverend Moon." I absolutely refused. I didn’t meet reporters in Korea, so why would I come here to meet reporters? I don’t even want to meet the president! Get out of here! I said that. So at that time, Park Bo-hee worked hard. Park Bo-hee! Not Park Bo, but a blessed person! (Laughter) Fighting….

If I meet him, there will be considerable material for coverage. This is not trivial. I heard that it was exciting. So they wanted to interview Reverend Moon and take a picture with me. They didn’t want to use someone else’s photo from an authoritative company. They wanted to take their own picture and put it in their photo album, but they had to take a picture together once. They had to meet me for that. No matter how much they tried, I wouldn’t meet them.

So our kids covered it, but I had to use the one that came out on the flyer. What else could I do? So they had no choice but to take a helicopter to our East Garden, circling seven times, making a fuss…. And there was a guard there, and 18 guards wouldn’t let them in, no matter how much they were reporters. I educated them all properly. I made sure they couldn’t step into the gate. So even reporters…. Even the police couldn’t get in. They couldn’t get in! (Laughter) So could they do anything? No matter how many girls they sent, they couldn’t get in. No matter which minister came, they wouldn’t let them in, and even if they threatened, they couldn’t get in, so they had no choice but to come by helicopter and take pictures.

Then my Hyun-jin said, "Dad, Dad, look! The helicopter is strange. It looks like it’s going to fall, it’s going to fall." (Laughter, applause) It was spinning around far away, and as it came down, it looked like it was going to fall. (Laughter) Because of the height of East Garden, you could see everything well from here, the scenery was beautiful…. 

I found out that a Korean correspondent said, "Wow! Reverend Moon’s house is amazing; it’s like a palace…." So they took pictures with the helicopter…. That became a problem.

So when CBS usually gives only a few seconds, they gave us nearly 7 minutes, starting with the title…. Now they say they will make a 30-minute segment? They see that there is enough value in that, as it was a global event among events. Do you understand? Even if you don’t like it, believe it. I don’t lie. Even as a religious leader, I only spoke about 80 percent; I haven’t spoken 100 percent yet. So believe it to that extent. "Yes."

No matter what happens, the public law of a thousand miles must be established.
That’s why even if there is an article about the Republic of Korea in the New York Times, they put it in a corner like this, but Reverend Moon’s article is all on the front page, all the way to half a page…. Are those people crazy? Why? Because from all the citizens of New York City, hundreds of calls come every day. They say to clarify Reverend Moon. Now, the Western society has dominated the world, but they say our white authority has fallen. An unexpected Oriental person comes and makes Westerners feel uncomfortable, so they say to clarify! Clarify! There must be something in the darkness! There must be something! They say this. What is there to clarify? Teacher Moon has only two balls…. (Laughter) Why are you laughing, why?

I am the same as you. What is being dignified? Speaking the truth is the most dignified thing. Professors come and say, "Hey! Talking like that in public…." It’s natural to talk like that in public. (Laughter) Otherwise, wouldn’t we just laugh and move on? It’s hard for me to speak too. Let’s have a drink and talk. (Laughter) Shall we stop? If we are to conclude, we can conclude everything within three minutes. If you don’t like it, let’s stop, in a democratic way. Shall we stop? (Laughter) Let’s do it, shall we stop? "Let’s do it." The answer is that we should stop. Let’s do it, shall we stop? "Let’s do it." If we promise a few times like this, we have no choice but to do it. (Laughter)

The teacher plays well with Westerners. Even with an interpreter, I can make them laugh or cry. I have that ability. Now! We’ve been doing this for three hours. Shouldn’t we do it for four hours to restore the expectation of the son-in-law? It’s been a while since we met, hasn’t it? "Yes." Now that I meet today, I won’t be able to meet for several days. Now I won’t be able to meet again. So, shall we continue? "Yes."

So I held a wedding ceremony and did this kind of play, going out to personal places, family places, tribal places, national places, and representing the nation in the Republic of Korea, saying, "Go through the three-year journey of the family cross in the Unification Church!" I am merciless. I saw those parents coming in from the roadside, holding on like this, and I said, "Hey! You guys! Get out of here!" Even if my heart aches, I can’t help it.

Even if I die, I will establish the public law of a thousand miles and die. I treated my children like that, treated my wife like that, treated everyone like that. I raised my children like that. While making others live in their homes, I never held their wrists once. It’s not that I didn’t want to. To establish the principle, to live according to the principle, I can’t help it.

So I went to the land of America and centered around the three-year journey, let’s go! Let’s go proudly! Everyone, you need to understand this. How does such a thing happen? The question is whether Teacher Moon does it or God does it. One thing is that I know how much strength I have left to die, and I know where my limit is. I must go to that point. I cannot go beyond that! Then neither God nor Satan can move. They cannot go beyond that….

That’s why even ordinary young people in America, when they meet, it’s not midnight but one or two o’clock, and they don’t get up. Because the teacher doesn’t get up, they think, "Oh, I should go to sleep…." Why? For one life, I would stay up all night…. Even if I feel sleepy, I must overcome it. Even if I don’t eat breakfast or lunch, when we sit around in the morning, we talk until lunchtime or dinnertime. I must overcome hunger. That’s it. Going beyond my limits….

God looks at me and says, "You cannot go beyond that!" and even Satan says, "You cannot go beyond that." At that point, I would lift my foot and say I would fall to take one step beyond…. That’s the spirit. There’s nothing else. I will lift my foot and fall…. That’s where miracles happen.

Today, the wealth of the Unification Church was created, and in 2 years and 8 months, immense wealth was created because I understood those principles. I have spent decades diligently building factories. It took one to two hours to go back and forth from Cheongpa-dong to here, and I did that three times a day.

In America, I will attack.
Crossing Mangwuri Pass, I called out to the many spirits of the dead, "You who see the resentment of this nation, do you not know? Now, when this man, who is diligently working around a small path, begins to ignite, he will need resources that can astonish the nations of the world. If your greed is great, put in that much effort!" I came out doing this. That’s why even if I have to use a goblin, I will get the money. Isn’t that nice? "Yes." What is the unit? That you cannot do more than that….

I was talking about looking at the stars from Belvedere or East Garden, or recalling the past days spent in prison…. You know! Even if that nation does not know, and even if the ungrateful humanity does not know, I know! Even if the world persecutes me, I will go! There is something like that.

In September, I had to prepare well for the last three years and develop the final battle. The Madison Square Garden meeting is not easy. An Asian person…
As a historical figure, I must create problems that have never existed before. I provided funds to New York to establish eight churches... and invested over 1.5 million dollars. I would have loved to gather all our poor Unification Church members and give them a sack of money each, enough to eat until they burst and suffer from diarrhea. I know very well. Who earned that money? I earned it. The Japanese people earned it, but I educated them all. It was my earnings. With that, I collected information centered around all 50 states and presented scientific data saying, "If we do it this way, it will definitely work." 

The day before, when I was at the banquet, Walter, a direct subordinate of CBS, wanted to meet me and suggested taking a photo before it got late. I told him to go ahead and take it when we entered. But he insisted he wanted to talk more. He stood firm and asked me, "Are you confident?" I replied without hesitation, "I am confident!"

You cannot hold a religious meeting at Madison Square Garden. It is impossible. But he asked if I was confident. The New York Times and other newspapers all said, "Look at Reverend Moon, let's see him fail this time." But I completely turned that around. An incident occurred, an incident. There was an incident in the city, an incident at the police station, an incident in the religious community, an incident in the media, so all the citizens of New York...

This is how we achieved victory. Based on that, in the eight cities, wherever we go... If we mobilize our 300 special task members, even if we go to England, we can organize thousands, 5,000 people, if we work for just 15 days. Do you understand? Isn't that amazing? "Yes."

Our Korea will also enter in April. The Jangchung Gymnasium will be packed without any problems. This time in Japan, they are all set to hold events at the Budokan from February 13 to 15 without any issues. It's a test of capability, a test of capability.

With this, I stirred up the important cities in America, and the so-called Reverend Moon from the Unification Church invited 3,000 people to a banquet in Washington. Just the cost for that is $24 per person. Do you understand? It’s $24 per person. If there are 3,000 people, that amounts to $72,000. Overall, it would require more than three times that amount. All of this is done within a week or two, mobilizing from the city. The question is, where did that money come from? I earned it with my own hands. It's simple. How do I earn it? The method is a bit different. While others earn based on land, I earn based on heaven. So when they earn 10 won, I earn 100 won. That's a bit different.

In the end, in America... America is the center of spiritual Christianity in the world and the final destination of God's providence for restoration, so today, the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, who was persecuted in Korea, is attacking here in America. An attack! A fierce attack, without mercy. "Everything that comes on clouds is all false. That is heresy." 

What about the way of the cross? It's not the way of the cross. Because of the cross, Jesus lost his nation, lost the church, lost his twelve disciples, lost all three disciples, and even the thief on the right fell. Is that salvation? The beginning of Christianity is not from the cross. After Jesus died, 40 days later, on Pentecost, the Holy Spirit descended, gathering all those who had scattered, and that is when Christianity began. The starting point of Christianity is not the cross. It starts from the resurrection, from the resurrection. The way of resurrection was mis-taught by Paul. Paul was wrong. He distorted Christianity like that. Because it has been twisted, it must be corrected. To do that, repentance is necessary, but since that is not happening, we must attack. 

Even though American Christianity was attacked like this, it couldn't move. Theoretically, it couldn't withstand it. The pastors of the past fell into our principles. Theoretically, it couldn't withstand it. Even if the communists oppose it and all sorts of opposition arise, they will all fall flat.

So, while doing this, I took many offensive actions against the so-called Christian community in America. However, I did not get crushed or chased away, and anyone you ask will say that Reverend Moon is successful, and I came here without dying. (Applause)

Now is the time to fight a substantial battle.
So, everyone, in terms of the principle of restoration through indemnity, what happens in this cultural sphere of Christianity in America, a center of global democratic sovereignty? The Korean issue will inevitably come back around. Do you understand? It’s the opposite. In the past, when they attacked the Unification Church here, they had the upper hand, but now that the Unification Church is going global, this country must turn around. It’s exactly the opposite. Do you understand? This must happen around Madison Square Garden, centered around September 18, for about 20 days.

Therefore, in the relationship between Korea and Japan, starting from the August 15 issue, everything was done through the Nixon administration, centering around Prime Minister Tanaka. Because of this, the Republic of Korea has come to need the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church. Now, we must sever diplomatic relations, but if we cut off Japan, the Chongryon will have unilateral connections everywhere. So, reluctantly... If the Japanese government severs diplomatic relations, can we trust anything? Can we trust the ambassador of the embassy? The embassy must retreat. Can we trust the Japanese? We have no choice but to center around the Unification Church's International Victory Federation... Do you understand?

With such issues in the background... You do not know. The fight that has emerged with the Liberal Democratic Party is something even the Republic of Korea itself does not know. I know there is a fateful path this nation must take, and I have prepared for this difficult juncture. I anticipated that North Korea would become a problem in the UN.

When such issues arise, what issues will they bring up? Will the Republic of Korea have no way to escape? Cornered... So, centered on the movement for free travel for Japanese people, I prepared for three years and worked in every possible way. I sent out 30,000 letters through Japanese women to influence the UN General Assembly. Over a week, I had them work overnight to create that movement, and I made millions of leaflets to distribute throughout New York. I was preparing for this operation in embassies and consulates worldwide, and then the Korea-Japan issue arose. The Korean government said, "Ah! The Unification Church International Victory Federation is on our side, but what is the Japan International Victory Federation doing? All Japanese are like that..."

I have something to say. They misjudged the people. That is not my responsibility; there is a bigger issue... Instead, behind the scenes, we are making a full effort, fighting battles we must overcome, but we did not do demonstrations. A demonstration in Korea is the last resort, the last resort.

Now that the Korea-Japan issue has passed a critical point at the UN General Assembly, we are at a stage where we must fight a substantial battle. I know this; if you don’t know, you don’t know. At this providential time, at some point, I understood that I must stand at the forefront and fight, so I prepared and investigated everything. Among the deputy secretaries of the Secretary-General, there were Japanese people. Such Asian people were already prepared and investigated, and it was clear that if there were a hundred people, all hundred would be completely aligned with North Korea. I knew they had engaged in negotiation activities, but Kim Il-sung had spent vast resources.

When it comes to third-world countries like Africa, they had already arranged for airplane tickets and had made promises and collected signatures. Do you understand? But now, the Republic of Korea is just sitting there... It’s impossible, absolutely impossible. So, with this situation, I had no choice but to tighten my belt and move forward.

UN General Assembly Issues
I am someone who cannot abandon Korea, and I have come to understand the mission of connecting the issue of Korea, which is divided between spirit and flesh, to the global stage. The time to go forward is precisely now. If there is no money, I borrowed money and made emergency measures to create funds for investment. I had Japanese wives send out 30,000 letters and prepared numerous things...

Also, regarding the Washington demonstration, who would trust the Japanese embassy? So, I did everything, and then I received an urgent request. The embassy's request is a request from the nation. This is the first time in history that such a thing has happened, and could I say I couldn't do it? The timing was such...

So I said, "Prepare everything within 24 hours!" We have an organization, and from the publishing house... Whatever we do, we can do it immediately, so we can prepare for a demonstration at the Washington embassy within 24 hours. We must be fully prepared. Just 30 minutes before deployment... They said they had reached a compromise with the State Department at the White House, and they were very sorry. So I asked if that was the case and stopped the demonstration. While fighting that situation, on one side, I was working on the UN operation... To do that, I went to the National Assembly and visited all the senators and representatives to gain support from the American people and give lectures. I organized everything to catch them all in one place.

So, when I went to the UN General Assembly, I found that 34 countries supported North Korea's proposal, while only 21 countries supported South Korea. Korea was completely cornered and immobilized. So, could we do anything? I began to invest vast amounts of money. This became another issue. The Unification Church, a heretical religion, is getting involved in politics. The FBI and CIA were all watching closely. They said Reverend Moon is engaging in political activities.

Therefore, I had no choice but to create a support group and find prominent Americans with Japanese wives. I found Professor Reischauer, whom I know well, and sent someone to him to plead! If it doesn’t end in an hour, cry for two hours, and if that doesn’t work, cry for three hours, four hours... If it doesn’t work the first time, go back and try again... We must make that Japanese wife the chairperson of the American support group for the return issue! 

So, when I asked the Reischauer couple to issue a support statement, they said it was too serious and serious, and they needed two hours. They went out for two hours and came back. Anyone who talks about a miserable person will be moved. So, our couple said we would wholeheartedly help, risking our lives. So, I told them to get the signatures.

What about the person who went to the North? That famous university, Boston University, but I can’t remember the name... What university? "Harvard." Ah, Harvard! A renowned authority on North Korean issues. They meet daily with the ambassador of the North Korean delegation to discuss. "Get it! Get the signatures!" They got the signatures. If we had only done propaganda, that person would have become an enemy of North Korea. 

Because God is alive, Korea will surely win.
Next, I instructed to get the signatures from the presidents of all the lawyer associations. After doing this, I got signatures from 450 professors at Columbia University in New York. I did all the dirty work. Is that easy? Is it easier than eating? Crying and begging... I am indeed a person with many sins.

No one in the world knows. I had to select representatives from 34 countries and coordinate with Japanese women to issue daily deployment orders. It couldn't just be done... We had to create a global event that could influence the UN General Assembly. But could we just go in? So, I had no choice but to conduct a week-long hunger strike with nearly 800 young Americans. A week-long hunger strike for young Americans, fasting. So they fasted for a week in front of the UN headquarters!

I educated them to understand all the internal struggles that must be resolved, considering the providential significance. So, I had them conduct a seven-day hunger strike. Who was the one who made American youth sit in a cage and fast for a week, even in the rain? Who was it? It was the ugly Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, the one who is most criticized and pushed around in Korea. It was a desperate effort, a desperate effort. As soon as we started fasting, at the UN... So, we organized everything, and now that the fasting is over... During the fasting, could I appear at the conference? I could not appear. I must not appear even at the closing.

Then, Reverend Moon got involved in the Korean issue and coached, spending about 20 million won to bring all the women and parents who could travel freely and organize them so they couldn't move. If something goes wrong, it could completely collapse.

Therefore, we must launch a full offensive. We must call one person in the background and hold them accountable... But I was the one who ordered the fasting. I ordered the fasting, but could I not go see? At night, I couldn’t help it, so I went to see them. I stayed for five minutes... Reverend Moon also signed at the bottom among the prominent figures, in Hangul. Just two visits to show my face... This is how it went. The media said Reverend Moon would definitely show up! But... even if Japanese and foreigners are doing it, there should be at least a couple of Koreans.

And the Korean consulate and embassy had absolutely no idea. Until a week ago, absolutely! The people sent to the UN were on fire, saying that if we do it our way, Korea will survive! But the Japanese were doing everything... They had no idea until a week ago. So, history had to be dealt with at night... I sent someone to the Washington office and called the UN representatives to clarify the facts. The truth is not like that! I held the representatives and cried and pleaded...

Therefore, I declared that the Korean issue cannot be resolved by human power, but because God is alive, Korea will surely win! I said that on the day I set these conditions, support signatures would come from 50 countries! And indeed, support came from exactly 50 countries. Even the representative from Ukraine signed. How determined was that, do you understand? This made it known to the world. Because of this, in our Belvedere... In the evening, we prepared very delicious food, and Bel...
I brought them to the Bedia, fed the ambassadors, and even gave to their aides, and at that time about 70 people came. 
While doing this, I paved the way. Thus, the Korean issue was won by Korea with a score of 61 to 43. It was not something that Teacher Moon imagined. God protected us! Moreover, what is even more grateful is that in the proposal from North Korea, it was auctioned off at 48 to 48, how could that be…. If it had been just a 10-vote difference, the activities of the Unification Church members could have been buried. We did that, you see. But 48 to 48…. With this, even if we have mouths, we cannot speak. The Republic of Korea must support the Unification Church.

The Completion of Our Mission and Purpose
Now, regarding such issues, whether spiritual or physical…. I have taken the lead in gathering before this nation and its people, but because I was gathered before world Christianity, I opened a way to renew this world Christianity, and I was able to correct the position of this nation, which was in a state of death, in solitude, and in isolation, and to bring it together. I was grateful to God for that. 
On the day I returned to Korea, I said I would forget all that thought. I do not want to brag. You are all members of the Unification Church, so I am saying this. Do not brag about it anywhere. Do you understand what I mean? 
“Yes.” 
Thus, centered on the condition of indemnity, I established conditions based on the global spiritual standard and the standard of world nations, centered on the Korean people…. Now, tomorrow, after offering a ceremony here according to this heavenly connection…. Now, in the physical realm for three years…. I can move the American continent externally and can move senators and representatives according to the plan, and when I present a direction to move the UN within three years, I believe a new path for the Korean people will be sought. 
From 1975, 1975, 1976, 1977, until April 1978, at the latest until August…. This is because there is a physical condition of indemnity that must be judged for life and death in America, so if we go this way, it will surpass the spiritual and physical standards of indemnity. When that day comes, the Unification Church will be able to go anywhere in the world…. 
(Applause)
Thus, having personally, familiarly, tribally, nationally…. From a multi-faceted standard centered on spirit and flesh, I believe that the Korean people must now have a foundation to play a leading role in the construction of a new world of heaven in the future…. This Korean people must now support the Unification Church, so professors issued some statements, but Teacher Moon does not need the professors' statements. When the intellectuals of Korea are embarrassed, the time will come to smear them, to smear them. 
Look. This time at the University of London…. When they say ‘Reverend Moon!’ they are receiving praise from scholars worldwide. Yet in this Republic of Korea, they know Teacher Moon of the Unification Church as a dung beetle…. In a few years, they will be embarrassed. I must acknowledge the essential authority of Korea and establish it. Isn’t that the power we need? So even if there is a dispute, someone must make a decisive decision and participate to present the direction of the national subject forces; it is the responsibility of the intellectuals. 
In today’s historical turning point, where there is always betrayal of the nation and treasonous acts…. The problem lies with those who know this. This is the fight. Even if such intentions are presented, they try to make Japan do it, Japan. Japan has been preparing for this. They also try to make America do it. What is the subject country’s connection? What do university professors say, and I am dumbfounded. 
The Unification Church, which is opposed, will prosper in the future and rise, but those opposing the Unification Church will go down from now on. I will make them go down, with financial power, with our strength…. That is possible. Until now, Teacher Moon has played the fool, but from now on, I will exert all my strength and capability…. 
The third seven-year course is the era of completion, so since Adam has entered the realm where he can do as he pleases, opposing the Unification Church in the future will lead to ruin. Personally, it will not be able to stand, in families, in churches, and in nations. That era has come. From now on, when the three-year course of indemnity, the outer world stage, passes, we will enter the global era. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 
Let’s see if that happens or not. Now I will go and stand on the practical path centered on America and develop a fierce battle. So, as a representative, the Yankee Stadium event in 1976…. Originally, it was supposed to happen in 1975, this year. I was going to do it in April this year. But there was no venue… there was no place to hold it, so as soon as it is repaired in April 1976, the first event…. Fill 200,000 in a place where 100,000 audiences can gather! Do it under undeniable scientific data! So starting tomorrow, all members of the Unification Church worldwide will put up flyers shouting ‘God! God!’ and break through Madison Square Garden, break through the grand Yankee Stadium, and break through the completion event in Washington with more than 500,000 to 700,000 people. 
Thus, we will surpass the name of a great global religious leader. I have given this preparation and returned. Therefore, our Korea must also match that and not lose, somehow, let’s take the fortune of Korea and go out to Asia! So we must synchronize that globally. Therefore, we inevitably have to do international marriages. This will cost 600 to 700 million yen, in Japanese money. It is not an easy task. With that money, we could save all of you, our poor Unification Church, but we want to use it for the world. Our organization must sacrifice to save the world. 
The Final Turning Point of World Indemnity 
Because we understood such a heavenly principle, we will sell our houses, and even if we cannot eat, even if I become a beggar, we must save the world. Instead, I will not owe Korea anything. Even when I go abroad to do something, I have a firm belief that I will never incur debt. Until now, I have lived desperately to avoid being indebted spiritually or physically. I will finish the three-year course like that until September. After that, there will come a time when you want to meet Teacher Moon of the Unification Church, but you will not be able to. 
Towards the turning point of 1978, at the final line of indemnity restoration in the earthly world, since Jesus spiritually divided, we must connect what we will do in the spiritual world for three years with the physical three-year course and do it within seven years. If we cannot surpass this period, the world will fall into a dismal world of misfortune, and that is the conclusion of heavenly principle, so I must do it with all my strength. You must understand that I am running with the determination to take the last step and die. 
When you know that such fierce battles are before us, you in Korea, we have suffered a lot through many histories, faced persecution, and endured tribulations, but if we cannot connect that to victory, this nation has no way to live. Therefore, to connect victory in spiritual standards, we must now lay this foundation together with you. 
So since last year…. Our Unification Church nationwide is pitiful, but we have a foolish appearance, and we have a story of sorrow, but by March of this year…. Since the time has come, we must establish national prestige while passing through the second seven-year course, and the Unification Church itself must establish the prestige of the nation, so let’s build a house in Sutaek-ri! So we are going to build a house, but do we have money? So this time I brought 700 million won, and now I have brought one-third, half of it. All of you are pitiful…. 
Because of this, we will build a church in Korea, create a base to build a headquarters in Yeouido, and create a base to build a university; I have made this in and out during this three-year course. Therefore, once that is all done in Korea, I will buy my house. This is the Teacher’s philosophy. 
The house I bought in America was not bought in my name. I paid cash equivalent to 700,000 dollars and bought it in the name of the American church. The country of America is different from Korea, so when I make an offensive, I must come out with the power of a strong opponent, not as a weak man. Whether in terms of money, power, or anything else…. So buy the best limousine! I mobilized it urgently. I arranged ten cars so that no matter who comes, whether they are Korean or American, they cannot be ignored. 
Why? For the authority of God. In the founding of the new cultural world that will come tomorrow, we must clear the resentment of God, the resentment of Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and the resentment of all the prophets and ancestors who bled in Christianity from the twelve apostles to the seventy disciples! Moreover, this pitiful Korean people, who boast of a 5,000-year history, this nation, which has not been able to prepare its posture in the historical era, like a sick toad, must inherit the tradition of knowing only God and weave the culture of heaven, the traditional culture, for a thousand years and ten thousand years, and become a nation that receives the admiration of all nations as a traditional master. You must understand that I have been fighting with this heart. “Yes.” 
If there are patriots, Teacher Moon of the Unification Church is a patriot. 
Look. The Mindan has realized that in 1965, I predicted that the Mindan would surely get caught up with the Chochonryun. They are all becoming a mess, and ‘Ah! Teacher Moon, our Mindan has become like this. Please help us by mobilizing the International Victory Federation.’ But I said it would not work. After a person dies, if you recklessly enter the place where a person whose name you do not know has died, you will be charged with murder. You must be careful of your surroundings. 
Then, unable to do anything, I gave this command to the head of the Mindan. ‘Within three years, I will go to America to do this work, so you must do this work on this land! Only then can we clear the resentment of the nation and revive the spirit of this Korean people, who have suffered oppression from Japan. Thus, make this nation able to lead the Japanese people of tomorrow!’ I gave this operational order…. (Applause) 
Now, with Kim Il-sung’s plan all set, there is no youth organization…. Can it be done? If I did not know, I would not know…. There is no one else who can touch it but me. The Republic of Korea cannot touch it, and no one can set foot on Japanese soil. Since I am the only one who can do it, I know the path Korea must take, so I must become a mirror and cry while eating mustard…. 
So I gathered 600 young people in America and crossed the Pacific…. I invested 500 million yen in Japanese money for this Mindan and fought for it. I thought of it as giving bait to the flying eagle, and with that play, as the new year comes, we will strengthen the national organization and establish a sister relationship with the Japanese International Victory Federation to prepare against the Chochonryun and the communists, and all those who are famous behind the Liberal Democratic Party will be our puppets and will be mobilized…. 
This time, since the Miki government has been established, if we stir this all up, there is a possibility that it could fall into the North Korean faction, so let’s create a base there and adjust a few people behind the scenes, and even with Fukuda becoming the Deputy Prime Minister…. You must know that there are many sad stories behind that you do not know. If the name of this Moon Am is not mentioned in modern Japanese history, there will be something that can remain in history. At that time, you will know. Even General Chang did not listen to me…. 
In Japan, they are currently educating the Liberal Democratic Party according to the Teacher’s secret orders. We must educate them, so centered on the councilors of the Liberal Democratic Party, we have educated nearly 5,000 councilors in cities that are dyed red across the country. Here, we must organize external organizations nationwide to prepare qualitatively and quantitatively against the communists, but since we have not been able to establish an external form, we urgently created a daily newspaper. After two months of education, we planned this two years ago, and starting from January 1, a daily newspaper will be published. 
Now, since we have no money, we have nothing but blood, sweat, and tears…. (Tears) I prayed while on the plane. ‘Father, why have you placed me in such a position? Why have you burdened me with such a load?’ I thought it would be comfortable when I go to Korea…. Who can I trust, who can I trust to fight this battle? You do not know. 
Become solemn soldiers facing the final battlefield with all your life 
Where is the place I must stand at the focal point of the world communist movement? America is like that, Japan is like that, Korea is like that, and China is like that. Europe is also like that. Who will take responsibility for the fierce battle we must now engage in, barefoot and naked, while dodging bullets in front of those who occupy one-third of the earth? 
That is why we know that we can only trust God, and now is the time to unite. Do not discuss the past; now is the time to become one. With our blood boiling…. For the sake of the country, for the sake of humanity, for the sake of God’s will, and for the completion of that will, we must dedicate our bodies entirely, and if we can resolve a thousand years of resentment by dying once, there is no resentment in that heart, and we must urgently engage in a charge; you must understand that the suffocating time has come. 
Now, at this moment, since we have not married since 1970, there are young women over thirty, thirty-one or two years old. The human body is limited, and during their beautiful youth, they joined the Unification Church and have been looking only at Teacher Moon, but this time we cannot extend it any further. Considering this urgent issue, sacrificing one person, two people, dozens, or hundreds is not a problem, but still, in Teacher’s heart…. Because those who have followed the path of suffering and persecution for the sake of Teacher and have known Teacher must be comforted, I have a responsibility to do so from America, Japan.
from the minimum limits. We must solve the difficult problems within ourselves while completing this era's mission and preparing for it. When I think of this mission during my visit to Korea, my shoulders feel so heavy... You all know that the nation is struggling, and the world is struggling, so we must at least lower the rope of God here, and you must become the chains and wires that can pull this, untie it, and connect each person with an unbreakable rope. It is the national leadership responsibility that only the Unification Church can fulfill today. Can we trust the established church? Is there anyone in Korea? What is most needed by anyone... 

Now, if we conclude the fulfillment of our mission and our purpose, I can only conclude that we must become solemn soldiers who dedicate our lives to the final battlefield. Ultimately, if we can fill the historical grievances with our blood, even if we do not fulfill the wishes we desired in our lifetime, the sounds of praise will be heard from that grave and valley for thousands and tens of thousands of years. 

I know for sure that it will be so, and you must unite with one heart and one mind and advance toward the intended direction. This is the mission we should pursue today. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 'Teacher, I now understand for sure. In the three years ahead, we must gather around this nation and people like a fortress and know that we have the mission to restore the established church and this nation.' This is how it should be. 

Now that I have laid the foundation of the Unification Church based on the three-year course, I must encompass the external established church. We must gather the American people, young men and women, and lead them toward a new democratic world centered on a new spiritual purpose, uniting old and new churches into a denomination that can be embraced in God's arms. The Unification Church must take responsibility to offer them to God and gather them, and we must carry out such vast responsibilities inside and out until the end. 

The teacher will fight abroad, but I sincerely hope that you will fight domestically without failing to support the teacher. Do you understand? "Yes." Even if the teacher is not here, let those who are determined to carry this out raise their hands and swear. Put them down. 

<Prayer> Beloved Father! I never knew that the historical crossroads would be so miserable. I did not realize that countless martyrs who walked the path of death without hope for tomorrow had such a pitiful and miserable life. We did not know that our historical ancestors were chosen and established as the central figures of such a heavy and serious mission for the millennium. We did not realize that the true ideal of the earthly kingdom you desired through the Old Testament, New Testament, and the Completed Testament was like this. 

Amidst the 6,000 years of tragic history, we are grateful for the amazing fact that we have finally reached a point in time where we can praise God and curse Satan by illuminating those sacrifices. 

Father! This Unification Church has been guided by you. When I did not know, you knew, and when I hesitated to walk this path, I know you pushed me forward. Father! However, when I look at myself, I realize that the victory is yours, and the glory is manifested as your glory. The fact that we have crossed a significant historical turning point in the second seven-year course was not something to be praised about the Unification Church, was it? 

In the Adam family, the second son was a problem, and when we look at Adam, Noah, and Abraham, we see that during Noah's time, the conditions for judgment were set, and during Abraham's time, decisions of life and death were made. When viewed from the perspective of Adam, Jesus completed the boundary of heaven and earth as the second Adam. We, who are in a position to indemnify this vertical history horizontally, know that we have the responsibility to complete this on a flat plane representing the Old Testament, New Testament, and Completed Testament eras, and we realized that if we do not indemnify and restore on behalf of the whole, we cannot restore horizontally. 

Now, centered on this global course, we already know what the fulfillment of the purpose and our mission is, and we have sworn before the Father with both hands raised, so please allow this vow not to be in vain, we earnestly desire and wish for it. 

Please align the future three-year course of 1975, 76, and 77, which must unfold beyond the national substantial course into the global substantial course, with your purpose. I earnestly wish and hope that you will allow us to overcome the third seven-year course and the global course with your victorious suffering. 

May my individual, family, tribe, and our entire church, along with the multitude of the Unification Church spread across the world, be able to advance with all sacrifices to fill the limit of this victory, and may you directly whip and guide us to be able to advance like victorious warriors. 

In this way, I have now met your children whom I wanted to return home and see. We realize that the seriousness of this relationship and connection is due to you, and through this relationship, may the great purpose and connection of the nation and the world be presented before these people, allowing them to be faithful stewards and loyal servants in the direction toward the goal. 

We entrust everything today to you and give all the glory of victory to you. To the multitude of the Unification Church spread across the nation, to the multitude of the Unification Church spread across the world, to the good ancestors in the spiritual world and all conscientious people living in this world, and to the future generations to come, we earnestly request your blessings and ask you to unite them centered on the eternal foundation of victory. I pray all these things in the name of the True Parents. Amen. 

Heavenly Kingdom Realization
We are at the moment when 1974 is passing and 1975 is coming. It is now 30 seconds before the new year. There are 15 seconds left. 10 seconds, 5 seconds, let us pray. 

<Prayer> Beloved Father! The historic year of 1974 has already passed. The year 1975 is a new starting year for our Unification Church as we enter the third seven-year course, and today is also the eighth God's Day, so may your shining and brilliant wishes be fulfilled from this day forever. 

Father! Please embrace this land of Korea. Please embrace Japan and America. Thus, may the foundation of your hope that connects 120 nations shine and may a hopeful nation be established. May all people of the world be able to proudly claim that they are the eternal sons and daughters of the Father in the name of your children. We earnestly wish and hope for this. We know that the responsibility that the Unification Church bears today to fulfill such a tremendous purpose is heavy, so Father, please give us strength. 

Now, the time has begun to move toward the standard of completion shining in the history of restoration and recreation, so please allow us to be the heavenly warriors marching toward a fruitful battle for the third seven-year course. We have entered a new year that we must start toward the new world of physical restoration, connecting the spiritual foundation of Christianity that was established in America with the physical national standards. We earnestly wish and hope for you to join us in this. 

I believe that your children spread across the world are bowing their heads toward this land of Korea and hoping for today's blessing. To commemorate this day, representatives from Korea, Japan, America, and Europe have gathered here, so please look upon us. 

In the restoration era, the process of restoring the sun from the archangel and Adam's era has been connected from America to Japan and now to Korea, so Father, please receive this holy purpose. May we become a religion of all people that can praise your glory by establishing a moment of victory, and may the garden of love where you can personally preside be manifested. 

Father, we have now welcomed the year 1975. We gather our hearts to give thanks before you. We have already crossed the national course where Jesus discerned Satan's path of life and death in the second seven-year course, and we have entered a new third seven-year course that can now turn toward the world. Father, please remove everything that opposes us from our path before you through history. We earnestly wish and hope that you may allow us to conduct leading and subjective events with your authority and glory. 

Through individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world, may we be able to praise your victory and allow a better tomorrow to unfold in the global history. 

The spiritual world represents the Old Testament era, the external form of the New Testament era, and the current members of the Unification Church represent the Completed Testament era, so may these three become one before you and fulfill the duty of filial piety and loyalty. We earnestly wish and hope for this. May you liberate all spirits in the spiritual world, those who fought in sorrow and sacrificed for the purpose of good, so that they can march toward your world of completion through the descendants on earth. Please connect the standards of rebirth, growth, and completion between the spiritual and earthly realms, and allow us to establish a line to return to heaven. 

Please look upon your children gathered here. Forgive all the shortcomings of Korea, and in this third seven-year course, allow this nation to kneel and bow its head with new hope and aspirations, repenting of the past, so that it may be loved and recognized before heaven. We earnestly wish and hope for this. 

Father! I believe that the little ones in East Garden are also praying while looking forward to this time, so please bless them. May East Garden be connected to Korea, and may Barrytown and Tarrytown in America be connected, and may the entire universe and world be connected through New York Church, so that Korea and America may receive the seal before you and allow us to cross over to the new third seven-year course and the world of completion on this decisive day. 

We earnestly request that you exercise your sovereignty and unique authority, revealing the authority and life of heaven, leading all people in your hands to directly proceed on the path to the kingdom of heaven. 

Now, may Korea, Japan, and America, which are fighting the substantial three-year course, connect and build a victorious foundation on all battlefields that must be connected to the world, and may we achieve substantial completion on that foundation. 

We are at a crucial point where we must realize the establishment of the heavenly nation, so we earnestly wish and hope for your guidance and blessings. 

On this shining day of 1975, as we celebrate the third seven-year course and the eighth God's Day, we now declare the third seven-year course to the world in your name. We have prayed that the connection of life may directly manifest in your name, leading to a world that you personally preside over, so please accept this earnest wish. 

From today, centered on the 365 days, we earnestly request that you allow us to advance with the shining flag of victory, achieving complete victory in every battle, and we pray all these things in the name of the True Parents. Amen. 

<Word> As you know, our slogan since 1972 has been 'Unification Front Defense.' Until now, the goal has been how to victoriously overcome the second seven-year course... Satan has invaded the historical era and the era of resurrection, and we know that there has been a defensive era to prevent Satan from invading by discerning him centered on the will of heaven. 

Heavenly Kingdom Realization
Centered on the three-year course of the teacher based in America and the three-year course of national indemnity that you have gone through in Korea centered on families, we have returned from this visit to Korea after laying the foundation for victory by launching an offensive against the nation of America, which represents practical Christianity and the democratic world. 

So, what must we do when we come to Korea? Since Korea is not connected to the world in spiritual standards, we must connect substantial standards through Western society... (the recording briefly cuts out) England and Germany will be involved here. Looking at the restoration course, Germany is the closest to Satan in Europe, and England is the sun of Europe. And since this will lead to the restoration era of the archangel, we must complete the substantial standard that connects the heavenly archangel form to the heavenly sun realm and then to the heavenly Adam nation. 

That is why we have brought the members in Germany to London to lay the foundation for blessings. After returning to America, we arranged a marriage between a Jew and a Korean. And in Japan, we provided substantial blessings that could connect a national purpose and establish significant conditions both internally and externally. 

So, what must we do now? We must realize the kingdom of heaven. It is not just words; the question of how to realize the kingdom of heaven has become a major task. The standard for realizing the kingdom of heaven is not set by our imagination but is established centered on God's principle of creation. We know well that the fallen world became hell, while the world that did not fall was heaven. 

Because God is absolute, His established will cannot change. Since it is the unique will of the one and only God, that will remains unique even if humanity has fallen. Therefore, unless we establish and complete that absolute will, we cannot maintain the dignity and authority of God as the Creator and the omnipotent God. That is why we have already known the historical course that has passed through the era of servants, the era of slaves, the era of adopted children, and the era of children, and has now reversed into the era of parents. 

From this perspective, what is there in the kingdom of heaven? God must be manifested. We must stand in a position where the creative process is not needed. In a position where we must recreate, the kingdom of heaven cannot be realized. The kingdom of heaven is established only when creation is complete and the purpose of creation is fulfilled. 

So, what is the standard for the fulfillment of the purpose of creation? After God created all things and the angelic world, the created human beings must center on God's love, achieve marital perfection, and establish the tradition of goodness to form the world. When such a world is formed, the kingdom of heaven will emerge. Adam and Eve did not fall...
If it had not been for the fall, as siblings, we would have established a tradition centered on God's love in this earthly realm, a tradition of sinless goodness. However, the fall prevented this. The fall is the opposite. Therefore, we must recognize that we have entered an era where we need to establish the tradition of siblings.

At the same time that such a tradition is established, if siblings are perfected, they will enter the position of husband and wife. This means going into the position of husband and wife under God's blessing. The fall occurred because we could not leave behind a tradition of husband and wife in this earthly realm, so now we must newly establish a tradition of husband and wife centered on God's love. When children are born from such a couple, they are born in God's love and through the bloodline of sinless parents, thus becoming sinless sons and daughters.

When we ask what sin is, our principle states that sin is established when Satan presents conditions for accusation. Leaving behind conditions that Satan can accuse is sin. Because we understand this, when we finally have a family standard that completely removes the conditions for Satan's accusations, a new heavenly foundation emerges on a flat path.

Always, the second has been the problem. When families multiply, they transcend to tribes, and when this is multiplied and expanded laterally, nations are formed. When that nation expands through its entirety, the world is formed. No matter how large the world is, it is a world of give and take in God's love, and so it is with nations, families, and individuals. Under God as the King and Sovereign, we must sing of happiness and praise the glory of eternal, immortal children to be able to live as the people of the heavenly kingdom, as members of heavenly families, and as children loved by God. Only by standing in such a position can we enter the kingdom of heaven.

We must not just speak indefinitely. We must realize the kingdom of heaven. So what is our current position? Looking at the restoration path today, the issue has always been the growth stage. The second has always been a problem. Even in Adam's family, the second, Abel, fought against Cain, and Noah's family was established in place of Adam's family, so the second family became the center of judgment with the noun "discrimination."

Then, entering the time of Abraham, because he did not split the dove in the sacrificial offering, he could not fulfill his purpose, and history was prolonged, leading to further discrimination, but this was not done by Abraham. It was Isaac who was offered as a sacrifice. This is the offering of Isaac. Thus, the second has always been the issue in discrimination.

From this perspective, if we look at the entire historical era today, the 6,000 years of history unfold into the Old Testament and the New Testament. The New Testament is indeed entering the era of world discrimination. Passing through the discrimination of Cain and Abel at the individual level, and the discrimination of Cain and Abel at the national and state level, we are undoubtedly entering the era of world discrimination, and what appeared at this time are democracy and communism. These two represent a form of discrimination in this sense. The position that claims there is no God and the position that claims there is a God are in contrast.

Thus, if we have discriminated around this center, it does not end there; it is a principle of restoration today that we cannot advance without forming a unified form through some official path.

From this perspective, you must now enter the kingdom of heaven, but today you are in the realm of the fall. Where are you positioned? You are at the completion level of the growth stage. We have developed from the era of rebirth to the growth stage until now. This is the first seven-year course spoken of in the Unification Church, and this is the second seven-year course. Then what is the second seven-year course? It corresponds to the time of Jesus.

What was the mission Jesus had to fulfill when he came to this earth? It was to surpass the national level centered on the nation, centered on national Israel. That should have been the case, but he could not do it. Because Jesus was crucified and died, this was broken, so he had to carry this mission and surpass the national standard, but he could not do so, thus expanding the developmental standards from individual family forms to tribal standards and national standards, which is Christianity.

Therefore, Christianity must start from a standard above the national level. Why? Because Jesus came as the Messiah. He must surpass the growth level here and gather the nation to enter the world. When he surpasses this boundary, the completion standard, he will be able to govern the entire world. Only by becoming such a center can all beings be governed under it.

When that happens, there will be no Satan here. Not only will there be no possession of Satan, but the very existence of Satan must also not be present. We must completely eradicate the world governed by Satan, where Satan rules and governs. There must be no Satan here. Because there is Satan, there is sin. If one sins in God's love, they will be forgiven. Here, one receives forgiveness rather than indemnity. If one receives forgiveness through opposing actions, they will not go to hell.

When the religious purpose is fulfilled, God will carry out political actions. Because this has not yet ended, it is only leading in a direction where political actions can be performed. This is not a time of direct involvement but rather guiding people through good individuals toward that direction; it is not a time of direct involvement. If the omnipotent God were to directly intervene, would it not lead to a single path, causing a fall or a change?

Therefore, in this changing world, centered on democracy, a convenient method for the replacement of sovereigns has been established, allowing those who follow the path or those who adhere to conscience to move toward a central existence that emerges in the world, developing into a world of freedom, a free world.

From this perspective, looking at a country like the United States, it has become a super-national country that has formed a new national form centered on Christian thought. If there were a leader of any country here, people from England, France, or the United States could all move together centered around that leader, allowing them to sift through to a single core. What does this mean? It is a process-oriented means to facilitate the change of power when the Lord comes.

In the language of the democratic world, from this perspective, democracy cannot establish a one-way street. Does God have democracy? Can we elect God by nominating candidates and holding elections? While it can fulfill the mission of grafting like the history of grafting, it cannot fulfill the history of roots. The history of roots cannot be done. It is merely a process-oriented history. From this point of view, if the fall had not occurred, what kind of world would that be? Would it be a world of democracy? No. This is what I must fight against in the future in America. A great storm will arise. Just a little further out, there will be a global proclamation.

Today, if America claims democracy, it will perish. It is sold to financial power, sold to human power, and cannot bear the discernment of numbers, and such sovereignty cannot encompass and digest the number of that nation. A sovereign sold to financial power cannot dominate financial power. This is corruption. If we do not seek a form that can lead back to the original world from a position that transcends this, we cannot indicate the direction of the future democratic world. At the same time, we cannot indicate the purpose.

Therefore, that is the language of the democratic world. What I thought about the Watergate incident is that it is the language of the democratic world. Looking at the recent UN General Assembly, the disbandment of the Korean UN forces is a phenomenon of the democratic world's decline. To defend against this, I intervened in the Watergate incident and the UN General Assembly. It is necessary to move the decline toward a flat position.

This is a boundary line that must be moved. It must not fall. If we are not careful, it will fall to the side of Satan. Because of this risk, I intervened in the Watergate incident with the resolve to take a risk. The issue of the disbandment of the Korean UN forces at the UN General Assembly speaks of the external decline of the democratic world. The Watergate incident also speaks of the external decline of the democratic world. This is the end of the democratic world.

No matter how wise and well-governed America is, there is no way to gather the nation in a new direction. There is also no way to lead the nation to repent once again with new ideological concepts, to correct the corrupted Christian thought, or to reorganize the confused national society; this is an obvious conclusion. Heaven's providence is such that a time of confusion is coming.

The communist world is the same. Looking at the period until 1974, communism will inevitably enter a phase of disintegration after just three more years. Just wait and see. It will enter a phase of disintegration. If... (the recording cuts off momentarily) it could happen tonight.

From now on, if there are just three exchanges, those in the communist world will fall away. If there is a replacement, they will fall away, and if there is a replacement, they will fall away; after just three exchanges, they will fall to a position equal to ours, according to heaven's plan.

Therefore, centered around that world, a country will emerge based on the maximum standard. What country is this? It is America. Where is the target of the communist attacks? It is not the Republic of Korea, but America. Both China and Kim Il-sung target America, as does the Soviet Union. America is an imperialistic nation. They are launching offensives against America, which is not even fighting. This must be understood.

Looking at history, evil has always launched offensives against good; there has never been a case where good has launched an offensive against evil. Therefore, the one who attacks first is bound to perish. It is not standing on Adam's side but on Satan's side, already ideologically and materially attacking, which is the Soviet Union, China, and Kim Il-sung. They are attacking because the Republic of Korea, which is in the democratic world, cannot take responsibility.

Centered on God's will, looking at the Republic of Korea, the religions of the Republic of Korea have not been able to unify, unite, and lead the path of purpose. Christianity, which should play a leading role, has not become a Christianity for the Republic of Korea but has become a Christianity opposing the Republic of Korea. Therefore, it will perish. On the day the nation falls... Today, the established churches are opposing and causing a fuss, but that is just a neck. When Kim Il-sung comes over, who will he behead first? It will be the necks of the leaders of the established churches who opposed the Unification Church. This is a formality.

Today, the nation is wandering on the path of rise and fall through such confusion.
What is ultimately placed at the point is because that country could not take responsibility in this era. When the country fulfills its responsibilities and stands firm, the upper and lower will align, and Satan will collapse and go away. This must be understood. On the day when the two become one, it will collapse.

Then, the church and the government: the church is Abel, and the government is Cain. On the day when Cain and Abel become one, there will be progress. This is the formula. Right? When the father and mother become one, that household will develop. When parents and children become one, it brings about a higher level of familial development. This is how it works. Right?

On the day when families and relatives become one, a new national spirit will emerge from there. When we decide to move towards a higher dimension, if everything is bound together environmentally and progresses in one direction towards one goal, that direction of progress will open up the way for it to remain as a loyal lineage through the nation and to the state. Therefore, if we cannot become one, we are bound to perish.

From this perspective, what era has the world entered today? It has entered the greatest era of chaos. It is the highest hell among hells. We have reached a stage where the thought of heaven is unimaginable. However, we must understand that while heaven is simultaneously striking the Satanic world, it is also inevitably managing this world. So, when do patriotic figures often appear? They do not appear in times of peace or revival; they appear in times of chaos. Right? This means that while things may be falling apart externally, internally something new is emerging. Externally, it may go this way, but internally it must go that way.

If there are intellectuals or people who understand the purpose, they should not think of seeking something amidst the chaos but rather transcend it and advocate for a contrary approach. If there are such groups, they will lead that nation to a new path... Since that country has already perished, if we move to the opposite side from where it can perish, there is a possibility that new results, a new direction, and a new purpose can emerge from there. This is highly theoretical.

In this sense, when we look at the corrupt reality of America today, it is a path that leads the corrupt deeper into corruption... This is what the Unification Church completely denies. Today, we must stand on the side of good and create a wave greater than the wave raised by Satan. The members of the Unification Church are mandated to do just that. Even in our promotions, we must engage in active promotion, a promotion that has never been seen in history. This is the guiding method of the Unification Church leader today. No matter what we do, we must not be defeated by Satan. Even when we promote revival meetings today, we must do better than any promotion during elections.

From these two branches, amidst a chaotic environment, we must discern a unique direction and manage it, creating a wave that can gather the masses and lead them to a new dimension. This is our mission received from heaven. This applies to individuals as well. Those who despair will all disintegrate. Right? Their eyes will lose focus, and their noses will run. However, amidst that, if one thinks of a thousand miles and says, "This cannot be, I must not fall away like this," and rapidly changes, developing a stage of self-awareness and self-action, then there will be a way for that person to escape from any misery. It is the same for religion and in the world. The principle of development is the same.

The most problematic aspect of realizing heaven is being with God. Therefore, a new place is always Abel. When Satan becomes corrupt and perishes, what emerges from within is always in the position of Abel. Abel comes next. Right? The second thing, that which comes next, is Abel. This historical formula can be seen unfolding in various ways through individuals in our daily lives along with the fortunes of the world today. When we do not know this fact, chaos ensues. Each nation has a different background, each nation has walked a different path, and the positions that have emerged are different. Because this is expressed globally all at once, it seems chaotic, but amidst that, when a new direction is established and it goes through stages one, two, and three, it will eventually appear in a form that has a unified system. This is the historical fact that God governs, and I hope everyone understands this.

Through this process, we realize heaven. So, what is the most problematic aspect of realizing heaven? We must be with God. We must be with God. This means we must be in the pre-fall stage. What position should Adam have been in before the fall? He should have been with God. If he had been, he would not have fallen. He fell because he abandoned God, acted alone, and thus fell. Therefore, when difficulties arise, we must go before God and discuss them, and when good things happen, we must turn that joy into God's joy, not our own.

We must be with God. However, because God is absolute, unchanging, and unique, to be with God, we must become absolute ourselves. We must become unchanging. We must become unique.

Then, what is the fall? It is the failure to believe in God. It is the failure to absolutely believe in God's word. Despite God's unchanging word, humans accepted it as a changing word. Isn't that so? Even though it is unique and absolute, they accepted it as a relative word. They accepted it as a limited word.

Due to the emergence of such a dimension of motivation, and because of the differences in such dimensions, the origin of the fall was established. Therefore, to be with the absolute and unchanging God, we must engage in eternal faith. Faith, once believed, cannot change. Today, if there are believers in the Unification Church, within the will of God, in the Unification Church that engages with that will, they cannot go here and there. Such things are fake, fake. When God's will is aligned with the Unification Church, then within that faith, it becomes absolute.

Religions, centered around their respective sects, take on the aspect of believing that only they can be saved based on absolute faith. You must understand that this is also a means to pursue that absolute path. However, it must be in the position of public acknowledgment by God; if it is in the position of self-acknowledgment, then problems arise. In faith, there must be no change.

Then, how much must we not change? We must not change until this life ends. Because through disbelief, we lost life, we must believe that even if we lose life through faith, we must believe. This is the principle of indemnity.

Let us become unchanging people for the realization of heaven. 

Next, what is the fall? It is the fall of the body. It means that the actions were wrong. The body acted incorrectly. Therefore, there must be no change in actions. Those who waver are on the side of Satan. There must be no change in actions. Before God, those actions must not change. All expressions manifested by the body must be able to act in accordance with the law of justice alongside God.

Next, what is it? The body and mind must unite and act. Then, there is the issue of love, the emotional problem. If this is lost, the ideal is lost. Everyone, without love, there is no ideal or anything. What is the highest ideal for men? Is it the highest ideal for a man to be alone? Is it happiness to eat a lot and enter a golden room to sleep freely for 24 hours? That is not happiness. A man must have a woman to be happy. A woman must have a man to be happy. Is that right? "Yes." Is that so? "Yes." Try saying to someone, "You must be happy since your wife is dead?" It would actually be bothersome, right? However, the relative conditions are precious because...

Why is that? Why is it happiness? Love is a shared possession. Love is a shared possession. Is love yours? If a couple loves each other, is that love only the husband's love? Or is it only the wife's love? Love is communal. Then who is the owner of that love? The original owner is neither the husband nor the wife; it is God.

Then, is that love only God's? Without the object of humanity, love cannot manifest. No matter how much a man sits alone and says, "Ah, love! Ah, love!" he would be considered crazy. He must have an object to speak to and interact with. God is the same. When God needs love, the object of that love is humanity; therefore, through humanity, God rejoices and can be absolutely happy.

Today, the established church's faith says, "Ah, God is an absolute holy being, and creatures are evil." Stop that nonsense. God's love is not something that is achieved alone. Without people, God's love is meaningless. Therefore, through 6,000 years of history, He cannot abandon the hope of human salvation.

From this perspective, we must have unchanging faith and unchanging body and mind for the realization of heaven. We must become unchanging selves. And we must be with God. If we change, Satan will immediately come. What is Satan? It is something that has elements of corruption. Isn't that so? Centered on the principles of creation, the inherent principles, and the original principles, the fall began when it started to reveal a corrupted form and change direction. 

You all know that history indemnifies the vertical history horizontally. It comes out as the Old Testament age, the New Testament age, and the Completed Testament age. The Old Testament age is the age of offering material sacrifices, the New Testament age is the age of offering the body, that is, the substantial sacrifice, and the Completed Testament age is the age of offering the heart as a sacrifice.

Why does it come down like this? It follows the laws of creation. Because humanity fell, and this fallen state is worse than a lump of dirt, it must be watered and anointed to be reshaped and recreated. To create one person, all things were created, and then the body of a person was made, and God's heart was breathed into it. Thus, humanity became a microcosm. It is the microcosm of the universe. As mentioned in the principles, it is the substantial and formative reality of God.

Therefore, what must we do to restore through indemnity? First, we must restore all things. Because everything has become Satan's possession due to the fall, it must be treated as God's possession. To do that, it must be reshaped and remade. What is it made of? It is made of the word because it was created by the word... This refers to ideals and concepts. It is done to realize the principles and the word. Therefore, the Old Testament age is the age of believing in the word, the next is the age of practicing the word, and then it is the age of living centered on the word. We are entering the age of living. For heaven to be realized, all of this must be unified. The age of faith, the age of practice, the age of living, this is how it develops. What is this? Because one person fell... Originally, Adam and Eve were supposed to... (while writing) the material realm, then the body realm, the mind realm, and then the spirit realm. The Unification Church sees this as the realm of life.

By doing all of this, because it is creation, the material becomes one with the body, the body becomes one with the mind, and the mind becomes one with the spirit. (while writing) This is the realms of resurrection (body), growth (mind), and perfection (spirit). It is the same. This has been laid out. Therefore, it was supposed to happen all at once within seven days. However, as it has unfolded through 7,000 years of history, it has been divided into three stages and has developed.

Therefore, in the Old Testament age, to return to God, it was necessary to shed blood as a condition of indemnity. Blood had to be shed. Why? Because we received Satan's blood. It must be extracted from Satan's blood. Thus, the offering must always involve the shedding of blood.

The Old Testament age is the age of animal sacrifices centered around animals, the next New Testament age is the age of the body centered around Jesus, that is, the age of the son's sacrifice. This happened because of disbelief. The next is the Completed Testament age, which is the age of the heart as a sacrifice. It is the age of sacrifice centered around the heart. That is why you are experiencing a lot of heartache after entering the Unification Church. This is how we are restoring.

Now, what is this? When this is restored through indemnity, what will happen at the end of the world? At the end of the world, this will not be indemnified from a divided position. It will appear horizontally according to the era. This is (while writing) the Old Testament age, right? This is the age of all things. It is the age of material. We must go out to the position where we can say that our being has been recreated before God. Everything must be unified before God at once. What is this? This is the ownership of humanity. Then what is next? It is my body. Then, it is the mind. These things must all be unified... Because they have been divided, there has always been failure. Since everything has failed and come up, in this era, we must unify everything and achieve victory. To whom did we fail? We did not fail God; we failed Satan. Humanity failed Satan, so God has failed.

Then, by humans winning over Satan, who wins? God wins. Therefore, who achieves victory? It is not God who achieves victory. It is humanity that achieves victory. So how must humanity achieve victory? It must be in accordance with the principles. 

We must establish a standard that is one with the offering.
Then here, if you want to simultaneously absolve the standards of the three eras from a flat perspective, what should you do today? Look. Matter is... resurrection is for growth. Right? Growth is for completion, and completion is for heaven. It's the same principle. So what is something like matter? It is your possessions, possessions. Originally, Adam and Eve were told to govern all things when they did not fall, but we are still governing all things even after the fall. So what is that object that you manage? Whose is it? "It is God's." You know well. Originally, whose is this land? Because this world has fallen away from humanity, it has all become like leaves. Therefore, it all belongs to Satan. Before it becomes God's, it becomes Satan's, and before it becomes human's, it has become Satan's. 

Originally, it was supposed to become human's before it became Satan's, and then it was to become God's. But it has become Satan's. It became Satan's before it became human's, and it became Satan's before it became God's. So Satan is a thief. He steals human possessions and robs God's possessions. And humans have become partners with this thief, like the children of a bandit gang. 

What are the children? If you love like children, they all return to God. They are treated like thieves and persecuted. This is the tragic state of humanity until now. 

Now, what should we do here? This matter itself must return to God's side. To return, what must be done? Since Satan led it out at the time of the fall, there must be someone who can return it, someone who can lift it up. This is why religious people throughout history go through the process of sacrifice. Do you understand? You cannot just lift it up; you must create a standard that this object and I are one. 

That is why the sacrifice is Cain. It came out first, right? The sacrifice came out before humans, right? Therefore, the sacrifice is Cain and the person is Abel. It is the same principle. So, centered on the Cain-Abel principle, the sacrifice must become one with the person. The sacrifice must become one with the person. Otherwise, God cannot accept it. 

Then, what must the person do to make the sacrifice one with them? As long as the sacrifice is under Satan's dominion, it must be governed. What must it be centered on? Centered on love. This is the condition. You cannot bring an object that is loved less than by Satan before God. If it is an object of the "Satanic world," then it includes your children, your husband, and your parents. Therefore, the sacrifice must be something that can be loved more than any of your possessions. You must understand that without such devotion, it cannot be offered as a sacrifice. You must know that God cannot accept anything that is not like that. This is the significance of the sacrifice.

Why is that? Because it became Satan's possession due to the fall. For what reason did Satan make that object his? Because of love, with the opposite love of God. Therefore, unless you seek a way to love God's love, which is opposite to Satan's, you cannot become one with it. Do you understand? This is the principle. You must understand this clearly.

Everyone, the realization of heaven does not happen in the air. It starts from reality, from today's foundation, from the spoon with which you eat, from the eyes with which you see, from the feelings you experience, from the social stage on which you act. All problems, whether religious, social, or national, are governed by this principle. When all actions and all thoughts align with this principle, it is going to heaven, and when they do not align, it will turn to Satan's side.

So you must create sacrifices. You must make them your own. Then, in making the sacrifice your own, the sacrifice, from the time of the Old Testament until now, has gone from the servant of servants... The sacrifice currently rides on a person and crosses over to heaven. Do you understand? The sacrifice is all connected through numerous prophets, from the servant of servants, from the servant, from the adopted child, from the child, from the parents, and after the parents, where does it return? "It returns to heaven." It returns to heaven, right? "Yes."

Now, if God is going to work in such a complicated manner, there is no fun in it. Therefore, in this entire stage... Winning from the servant of servants, winning from the servant, winning from the adopted child, winning from the child, and winning from the parents, the one who can win overall is the Messiah. The Messiah is the one who carries this representative mission. The Messiah is that person. He is the master of all things.

So what must he do? The people of the world today, before the coming of the Messiah, are all Cain, right? The Messiah is Abel. So what happens? Then how can Abel make it possible to become one? He must love the people of the world who are like Cain very much. That is why Jesus loved even his enemies. Did Jesus love his enemies very much, or not?

In front of the standard of love he established, conscientious people, the Cains, must yield and become one. Thus, a unified landscape unfolds here, leading to the era of the development of Christianity. The more you hit it... If two become one and it is hit, Satan must pay compensation. He must pay threefold to sevenfold compensation. This is the fight. 

Heaven must be realized in reality. 

Religion cannot develop the more it is persecuted, right? "It develops." Why is that? Because there is a law of compensation. Right? Therefore, it is a strategy of hitting and taking away. Satan's strategy is to hit and take away. This is different. History moves according to this principle. Therefore, although the Unification Church has been hit until now... If it had lost after being hit, Teacher Moon would have already stirred the world into a wasteland. However, the teacher understood the strategy of hitting and taking away. If you are hit once, if you are hit well, you can seek compensation up to threefold or sevenfold. Do you understand? There is no such business even in business.

Because it is said that the Unification Church will fail, it has laid a worldwide foundation. Now, I have nothing to envy. I have money, I have a house, and whether I go to America or anywhere in the world, I can go... Even if the president of a country goes, he cannot be more convenient than me. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Why did it turn out that way? Because every person has a conscientious nature. Because anyone can bow their head, a foundation of Abel has been established. It is because they know that without becoming one with that person, they cannot return to the original world. Conscience knows. It is like a compass. If there is a plus (compass), the minus iron will follow even if you tell it not to, right? The Unification Church members say they want to see the teacher again and again. Where do they want to see him? Do they really want to see him? "Yes." Do the wives want to see him? "Yes." Just think of the inspiration. Does following Teacher Moon of the Unification Church bring out rice cakes or meals? I have no time to meet Unification Church people.

When I brought missionaries from America, they said, "Wow!" (laughter) What good things are there to see in Korea? When they see the houses, they are strange, and in spring, the toads croak and go underground. What is that? It is just a shabby house. It is very insignificant, but why do they feel that way? Because being close to the teacher feels good for no reason. When you listen to the teacher's words, you can unknowingly get carried away. There are many times when you listen to his words for one or two hours, and you get so excited that it becomes twelve o'clock, one o'clock, or two o'clock, and you brighten the night. In the past, there were many such times. Nowadays, if you do that, you might end up with a mental illness, so I don't do that. Why? Because it was serious back then. The antenna was raised, so no matter how much it shook, it was okay. If you do that now, it will turn your mind upside down. Many people will end up with mental illness. 

Wait, if I keep talking like this... I have something to do at three o'clock again...

So where must heaven be realized? Just like what is believed in Christianity today, going up into the air on clouds and having a heavenly banquet! Those absurd, nonsensical villains. (laughter) They don't even know the principle of heaven... Even a rough guess should be somewhat accurate. It is ridiculous. Teacher Moon of the Unification Church has been well criticized but has also come out well. Because he was criticized, he developed.

True religion, good people come out through being hit and recognized. History is like that. Was there anyone among the saints and sages who was welcomed in their time? Why couldn't they be welcomed? Because this world is a world opposing God, when a person of nature appears, they just rush to cut off their head. If left alone, Satan's own dominion would collapse, so they try to bury it through extreme opposition. However, according to the law of compensation of the true price, as time passes, they are called saints.

Teacher Moon of the Unification Church did not do anything special in America for three years. He just spread some rumors and came back, and then many people came and said things like how he had foresight and how he was a pride of our country. It is really insincere. Just the day before yesterday, people who were like this and that said, "Oh!" It is really interesting. There is fun in it. Even those who opposed him just the day before yesterday come to greet him. So what is the problem with people's fate? "It is a matter of time." (laughter) Because of this saying, Teacher Moon is comforted. Heaven must be realized in reality. Do you understand? "Yes."

To become a sacrifice, to become God's

Then, how do we go up from here, which is separated, to this world? Today, the vertical history must horizontally... (the recording cuts off briefly) Before it becomes Satan's, whose must it be? It must be God's. Whose is this? (pointing to something) Is it the teacher's? This is not the teacher's; it is God's. Before it becomes the teacher's, it is God's. Anyone who claims this as their own is a thief, a thief. After it becomes God's, it becomes Adam's. This is how restoration works. 

After all things were created, Adam came into being, right? It is the same. This history is being repeated. Then what must be done next? It must be returned to God. In the past, when the Pharisees brought the coin with Caesar's name to Jesus and said, "Whose is this? We must pay taxes," Jesus replied, "Give to Caesar what is Caesar's, and give to God what is God's." It was a brilliant answer.

Now, what do you have? Whose is it? Speak clearly. Whose is it? "It is God's." It is Satan's, it is Satan's. To become God's, what must happen? In the fallen world, the objects have also fallen. Therefore, that object must become one with the person and must be an object loved by the person to be governed by God. Originally, it is like that, right? Do you understand what I mean? Originally, in the world that has not fallen, the completed Adam was to become the owner representing God's love, and only then could it become God's. Do you understand?

However, has God established the condition for indemnity that can be loved by God, like a sacrifice? To make it God's, it must be loved immensely. That is why, to create a nation that is loyal to God, the Israelite people were established to represent the entire world. That is the chosen people. Just as there are chosen people, there must also be good things. You are hearing this for the first time today, right? "Yes." Along with the chosen people, what must also be there? "Good things." There must be good things. What are those good things? They are sacrifices, sacrifices. That sacrifice represents all things. Do you understand?

So in your family, you must think of all the things in your home as "Our family's things are God's" and love them immensely. You must give all your love. You must be able to love them as you love your own body, as you love your own body. Only then can the objects and humans become one under the dominion of the unfallen Adam and receive God's love. Even if you die, it is not about running away and dying; it is about following the owner and saying, "Even if I die, I will die in front of the owner." This is the principle. Only then can it become God's. But if you say, "The owner is trying to catch me and kill me. He is trying to shear my fur. He is trying to cut my neck," and you kick and bite back, then it cannot become a sacrifice.

The sacrifice is like a gentle lamb. It is like a young lamb. When the owner cuts its neck, the lamb goes "Baa-" and dies. It does not kick back. There is a saying about this. I don't know. A gentle lamb is like that. Cows also give their bones for humans. The same goes for doves. Even if animals die, even if things disappear, they must come under the owner and say they will die for him to become God's. Even if they shed blood, they must shed it for the owner. If they shed blood while saying, "I don't want to," then they cannot become anything.

When viewed through this principle, this becomes a heavenly principle and a law that governs the return. Therefore, when viewed through this law, since God is the subject, even Jesus, who became a sacrifice, is an object before God. If God is Abel, then what is Jesus? He is Cain, right? That is why God loved Jesus immensely. Because he knew that he was loved, he said that even if he died, he would die on God's side. Do you understand? The reason Jesus could die on God's side was that he knew God loved him that much. That is why he said "only begotten son" and "I am the son of God." A son must die there, even if the father puts him on the path of death. Jesus was like that.

If Isaac had rebelled against Abraham, who was about to kill him with a knife while binding him on the altar on Mount Moriah, saying, "Father, why are you trying to kill me?" then he could never become a sacrifice. Do you understand this principle? "Yes." Even if you shed blood and die, you must be able to die gratefully as one with the owner. This is the principle. Therefore, although Jesus could not clearly explain this fact, he said, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them." Do you understand? 

When viewed through this principle, it is a heavenly principle. That is why people who believe in the Unification Church... What is an unbeliever? "It is Cain." It is Cain, and what about believers? "It is Abel." It is Abel.

Heaven is built from subduing Satan. 

So what must Abel do? Here, the so-called leaders and ministers of the Unification Church have come, right? Are you the leaders? Leaders without any experience, leaders whose ears have not even dried from blood, come out and say, "I am a leader appointed by the teacher, so I am Abel, and you are all Cain, so obey me absolutely." That feels good, right? Those who have not even dried their ears are speaking rudely. Who taught these kids to do that? That is against the principle. 

To be Abel, you must save Cain and stand in a position where you can become one with Cain.
It starts from there to become Abel. That's how you become Abel. Do you understand? It's not just about going and commanding and ruling. Even if he goes to the place of death, he must love enough to die gratefully to appear in the position of Abel. It's the same as not being able to offer a sacrifice before loving. You must clearly understand this principle. If this is wrong, everyone will be dragged to hell.

The Roman soldier representing the opposing Cain figure, who crucifies the enemy at the place of death, must be truly loved. Because Jesus, who prayed for blessings, became a saint in this world after his death. He loved even those enemies, he loved Cain like that, and thus he became Abel. He became Abel by sacrificing his life. You must understand that this is the formula of God's restoration providence. Do you understand? "Yes."

Now, even when you speak, those who justify themselves centered on their own interests are all fake. This is the conclusion that comes out. When the family starts to grumble, there are leaders who, feeling sick because they don't follow their orders, arbitrarily take action and expel them. If three people are executed, their heads will automatically be cut off. There is a clear heavenly law.

Now, in the regions, you must feed the lives that look to you with good milk. If a mother has the heart of a true parent, even if she has no milk, she should buy goat's milk and feed them with all her heart. However, instead, she sucks their blood. It leads to ruin. You must work harder than the family. Even if you get beaten, you should take one more hit, and even if you can't sleep, you should sleep less. You should eat less. You should eat more! Is that right? You should dress well! Is that right? Parents are not like that.

On holidays, if you can't dress them like others, your heart tightens. "I couldn't feed my children like this, but instead, please give them blessings." This is what a parent does, appealing and praying before all the invisible spirits while looking at Mount Sinai. Do you understand?

What is resolved through this formula? Satan will be subdued. You must understand that as long as you cannot discern Satan, you cannot return to heaven. Do you understand? "Yes." Then, where does the construction of heaven begin? It begins with subduing Satan. Isn't that right? Where does hell begin? Where does the fall begin? It begins where Satan invades. It started where Satan acts. Therefore, you must become the ones who can subdue Satan.

So how do you subdue Satan? Satan is the master of absolute pride. The proud cannot go to heaven. They absolutely cannot. Go and try. Even if they go, they will unknowingly turn back. Even though they trace the historical path as if they sold their authority to the servant, as if they sold it to the adopted son, they still say, "Ah, I must be happy forever." That is Satan. To subdue such Satan, you must not be proud. Since Satan is for oneself, you must be for others. Everything is the opposite.

What is a dictator? It is someone who serves themselves. What is a benevolent ruler? It is a king who serves the people. This is how different they are. This is where good and evil are divided. Do you understand? "Yes." Because of this, whether you will go to heaven or not can be known immediately.

The secret of realizing heaven
How much have you loved Cain? You must love Cain so that Satan can say, "Ah, he is a person who will return to God's side because he is in accordance with the principles of sacrificial offerings based on God's justice and the principles of restoration." Who must sign? Satan must sign. If you do not receive Satan's signature, you cannot go to heaven. Otherwise, Satan will accuse you. You will go to hell. This principle of justice must be applied as a formula in the life path of restoration that looks toward our eternal life today, distinguishing good and evil, heaven and hell. You must understand this. Do you understand? "Yes."

If you see for your own sake, if you see for your own greed, then those eyes are Satan's eyes. If you listen for your own benefit and listen to deceive others, then those ears are Satan's ears. Speaking and acting are all the same. On the day you fall into this, you will be dragged by Satan without exception.

Then what is the secret of realizing heaven? It is to go according to the principles. Do you understand? That is why, in today's Unification Church, everything passes through the law of Cain and Abel. Therefore, the vertical history must be indemnified horizontally at once. When viewed as the whole era, it is the Old Testament era, the New Testament era, and the Completed Testament era. From God's position of presence, it is rebirth, growth, and completion. Here, my heart must become one centered on God. Isn't that right? Based on that united heart, it must become one with the body. Then, based on this standard of being one with the body, it must become one with all things.

When this happens, the way to live opens up. Thus, everything will come under God's dominion from here. Where is heaven realized? It is realized here.

Now, then, you understood that to welcome the Lord in the restoration history, Cain and Abel must become one, right? "Yes." Cain and Abel must become one, right? "Yes." You are trying to receive blessings to take the place of the parents, right? Then there must be a principle for Cain and Abel to become one, right? "Yes." The Lord who has extended the Cain-based foundation of three eras must restore it from the Abel perspective, so a form of son-in-law expectation must be created. That is why, in the Unification Church, it is said that you must evangelize three people. Do you understand? "Yes."

Jesus also had to do this. So when he went up to the Mount of Transfiguration, he went with three disciples, right? Always three disciples, right? But he could not completely become one with those three disciples. That is why one day Jesus tied a towel around his waist and taught, "I did not come to be served but to serve." He taught like that, right? Then the disciples said, "Oh, teacher, please don't do that. We will serve." Only after that did they act. However, because they centered on their own desires and ambitions, thinking only of themselves without considering God and Jesus, they all ran away at the cross, which is why they failed. Do you understand? "Yes." Can you understand? "Yes." You will understand. This teacher is also playing that game.

Your possessions are God's, and then whose are your bodies? "They are God's." Then what about your hearts? "They are God's." From here, all things, bodies, and hearts are all God's! If you become God's, can Satan claim that you are his? No. Only when what was God's is finally received and used as my own can I judge Satan instead of God. Do you understand? "Yes." This is the history, this is the history.

Therefore, my body is not mine. My life is not mine. Before it becomes mine, it is God's, so it must be returned to God. Because it cannot be returned to God just like that, you must go through the path of indemnity and restoration to discern Satan. In the form of Cain and Abel... It must be split. You must fight to discern.

From a personal standard, your body and heart must be completely one to return to God's. Do you understand? The body and heart must be one. Then, the person whose body and heart are one must again become completely one with the material. Only then can God dwell in this environment. Centered on such a family, an environment must be opened where you can become one with relatives, and only then can God dwell in this environment. Only then can the realization of heaven, where God is the owner of the tribal realm, be possible. Do you understand? "Yes." This is undeniable.

When looking at the Republic of Korea, it is enough for Christianity and the Republic of Korea to become completely one. If they fight, both will perish. That is why our Unification Church is trying to promote reconciliation. I hope to promote reconciliation from now on, but if I had about 300 million won, I would try to promote reconciliation. If reconciliation is not promoted, the Unification Church will perish. The Unification Church must promote reconciliation. Otherwise, if they just drag each other around and all become exhausted and die, they will become one. Even if it is like that, it will create oneness. In any case, the problem is one.

First, you must become God's
In the Republic of Korea, you must make the divided North and South become one, and you must create a game that makes South Korea and Kim Il-sung one. The creation of the Victory Alliance in the Unification Church was not to become the enemy of Kim Il-sung. It is to teach Kim Il-sung more than he knows and to liberate him. Thus, it is to make one. From this perspective, Kim Il-sung is on Satan's side, and the Unification Church is on God's side. Theoretically... Do you understand? "Yes." You must understand that the realization of heaven is only possible through such a formula that separates Satan.

Your body and heart must not be different. It means that your heart and body must not be different. Such a person will always cause harm. If such a person is in the church, they will harm the church; if such a citizen exists, they will harm the nation; if such a person is in the world, they will harm the world; if such a person exists in the universe, they will harm the universe; and they will even harm God. No matter how poor a person is, they must not live by harming others. While living with a precious life that can only be lived once, you must strive to create people who can hold on to you and cry even if you die, rather than saying, "Oh, that person died well." You must not play that game. Do you understand? "Yes." To realize heaven, you must discern Satan, and to discern Satan, Cain and Abel must become one.

Even when you work, do not say, "Oh, it's five o'clock, why is this boss making me work until six?" I have seen many such fake people at the Sutaek-ri factory. If you think, "That person will not last long and problems will arise," then surely problems will arise. Such a person is not left by God in our system. This applies to you personally, to families, and to tribes.

The teacher also, when I go to America, how about me? I have no intention of going to America to make money to make the Republic of Korea prosperous. The Republic of Korea may feel sad about that... But I am thinking that I must save America even if it means making all the members of the Unification Church in the Republic of Korea suffer. How does that make you feel? "Good." What is good, what is good? Why is it good? It is because I know that the path of our Unification Church is the path that sacrifices the nation for the world. This is because it fits the formula.

Then can I truly love America more than my own country? That is why I have spent a lot of money in America. There is no money in Korea. I have spent a lot of money in the world. The citizens of the world's nations are truly amazed by that. They say our ideology is truly frightening. When a nation is willing to sacrifice itself to save the world, that nation will be recognized by the world. Because this formula is clearly laid out, when applying this principle, whether it is Germany or England, even if you say to take all the bundles of money, all the savings accounts, no one will take them. It is certain. Just watch. Watch how terrifyingly rich the Unification Church will become in the future.

Through this formula, before it becomes mine, to whom must it belong? "It must belong to God." It must belong to God. Then, in returning to God, can one return to God alone? A servant must find the way to return through the servant. A servant must ascend through the adopted son. Isn't that right? The adopted son must ascend through the son, and the son must ascend through the parents. The parents return it to God. Isn't that right? Because Adam and Eve lost what belonged to the parents, they must find it and return it. This is the principle of indemnity and restoration. Do you understand? "Yes."

This theoretical principle is undoubtedly the truth, and when it is applied as a historical proof and as a principle for social development, all things in the world will return to God through the hands of the True Parents. That is why the principle of material unity unfolds here. Isn't that right? The body is the same. Where must the body return? The body must also return to God through the True Parents. The heart is the same. The actions are the same.

God's way of indemnity and restoration
Therefore, because it must return to God, when the Lord who is coming appears on this earth, it can unify everything and still have more than enough. This is a theoretical conclusion. Do you understand? Therefore, if the Republic of Korea enters the path of educating all people with the truth like that of Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, and if they can say they will go even if their lives are exhausted, then all things spread throughout the world will belong to whom? They will return to God through the Unification Church.

Then what will God do with this? Who was this made for? "For the sons and daughters." Because it was made for the sons and daughters, when giving this, it will be shared starting from those closest, right? If so, the Republic of Korea will automatically prosper. This is such a remarkable fact, yet despite Reverend Moon of the Unification Church teaching this remarkable fact automatically, he is automatically opposed... (laughter)

When I see black people in America, they are like pigs, with fat and just like worms that cannot speak, and if I tell them, "Hey, sell your house and bring it to God!" they say, "Yes." But that does not mean I like it. (laughter) I am not doing it for my own use. It is for a greater purpose... If you sold your house, you are to return it to God for the sake of your country. This is what is applied to the principles. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes."

Sometimes I think I would like to eat Chinese food at a Chinese restaurant, but can I go alone for the sake of my face? (laughter) That is why, according to the principles, I think, "If there are hungry family members, I must feed them well," and I go to eat together. And when the family members who went with me eat and say, "Oh, this is good," then I am also indemnified and restored. (laughter) It is all principled.

It is the same wherever you sit. It is the same when you urinate. You do not do it alone. If there is a good seat, you say, "Hey, you sit here," and I sit next to them. When it comes to the seat, it is already being indemnified. It means that I loved them more than anyone else. When the teacher sits, they cannot sit together. They feel sorry. Then they say, "Hey, you sit over there (in a not-so-good place)." Then they say, "Yes." This is how it works. This is restoration. It is all formal.
That's why, even if you bow your head in front of a humble person, it feels good. 
328   Realization of Heaven
Isn't that right? Why is that? Humans did not know that a natural environment could utilize the official principles, but the heart of their nature knows this and acts accordingly. This has not been theoretically applied in history, nor in society, nor in God's providence of restoration, but in terms of content, it has followed a similar path. Isn't that so?
Look. When there is light, all the insects go toward the light, right? It's the same. Even the smallest creatures like insects move toward the light, so how can humans, the crown of creation, not go where there is the light of life? They are bound to follow. Therefore, even when you think you are hungry and eat, you should stop and think before you eat. Even when you pick up a spoon, you should not say, "Oh, I'm so hungry. This food is just right." You should not do that. Even when you eat, you should center it around the principle of indemnity and ask, "Whom do you want to be eaten by? Don't you want to be eaten by Abel rather than Cain?" and you would answer, "Of course."
Then, if you ask, "There must be many hungry people in this room, among those hungry people, whose belly do you want to enter?" they would say they want to enter the belly of someone more Abel-like. Are there such people? There are many hungry people, but if you give food to someone who is tired from doing righteous work, they will not be caught. They are different from those who have been playing around without working... Isn't that the case in the world? It's the same, right? The reason it should be like this is that there is a way to avoid being caught by public law. History has been like that... Now you will understand.
So where does the realization of heaven begin? The realization of heaven starts from the nation! Can such a statement be made? Is there a statement that the realization of heaven starts from the nation, or not? "No." Absolutely not. Why not? Why? When viewed according to the principles of the stage at which heaven is realized, a nation is formed through four stages: individual restoration completion, family restoration completion, national restoration completion, and national restoration completion. It was impossible to realize heaven because it had not gone through these first, second, and third stages.
The realization of heaven starts from 'me.'
329 
Today, the Unification Church says, "Let's create a global heaven." If we start from a global heaven, can we realize heaven, or not? "No." Why? Because a national heaven has not been formed. Only when a national heaven is formed can a global heaven be possible.
A national heaven must be created from an Abel-like position, just like the history of recreation, by investing oneself to shape it; it must function like leaven. However, because such a process has not been followed, and because the principles of the process to realize heaven have not aligned, the realization of a global heaven is impossible. This is how it is.
Then, does God understand this or not? Therefore, what should we start with? It starts with one person, one person. In terms of restoration providence and salvation providence, what is the ultimate conclusion of God's historical providence up to now? It is to find one person. The providence until now has been to complete one Adam. The person Adam ultimately is the Messiah, the Messiah.
If one Adam is completed, then family completion will automatically follow. The husband will be completed, the older brother will be completed, and the mother and father will be completed. After that, one becomes the owner of a clan, the center of a nation, the king of a country, and the sovereign of the world. Everything is a model. Doesn't that feel good?
If you personally align well with that person, you can just follow along. You can just follow unconditionally. Where does the realization of heaven start? Where does it start? "From the individual." Now you understand. It starts from me, me. Then what happens to me? I must undergo historical indemnity. I must indemnify the vertical history horizontally. I must return everything through the restoration of all things and substantial restoration to God's. There is nothing that belongs to me.
(The recording cuts off briefly)
If you say to go to Gangwonbuk-do... Is there Gangwonbuk-do? (Laughter) The very northern part of Gangwon-do, near Gangneung. If you say to go there, you should say, "Yes, it’s better than the south." If someone says, "That's a demotion," that person is Satan.
Why? When the wheel of a cart turns, saying, "Oh, I only want to be at the top," is like saying the wheel should never turn. Do you understand? "Yes." You should say, "I will go up to the top and then come down." That's how it runs. Isn't that right? Wanting only to be high is the thought of Satan. If you are forced down from there, you will fall into hell. You will never be able to rise again. If you say, "Oh, I will go down as much as I want," then you will rise. Then it turns.
If I am doing well and the teacher orders me to go to the very northern part of Gangwon-do, and I say, "Oh, I don't want to go," what does that mean? "....... " You should say, "Oh, I will go. I can go to the very northern part of Gangwon-do." You should think, "I will make everything high, wide, and good my own." Even if you are in Korea and someone says, "Go to Africa," you should say, "I will go." You should think, "I will make the black people in Africa my own. I will digest that place as my activity stage." Such a person cannot have sadness.
"I want to go to the Unification Church, but I can't go because I don't want to see that person in the Unification Church, even though I like the principles of the Unification Church." Such people are double-minded, double-tongued. (Laughter) Men are double-tongued, and what do you call women? Such people are not needed even if they come. If such people do not come, it is good. It is good that such people do not come. Oh, I want to stir up and make all those who are coming unable to come... (Laughter) Think about it. I know that there is no value in that. Do you understand? I know better than you. If you are an expert, you know well whether it is glass or diamond. To your eyes, glass and diamond all look the same, right? It's the same, right? "Yes."
Your thoughts about the teacher are the same. They are different. However, do you want to leave alone those who see diamonds as glass? If I think that way, they will fall. They will break by being distracted and wavering. That is self-purification. If it were the Communist Party, what do they call it? What kind of purification? They call it coercive purification, right? It is coercive purification. The Communist Party is coercive purification, but the Unification Church is self-purification. If left alone, they will all follow the course and run away.
331 
Therefore, you must know that value. You should look at the members of the Unification Church in the future. After a little while, in about three years, you will not be able to meet the teacher. Anyone cannot come and meet him. When I returned this time, someone wanted to meet the teacher... Who is that person? It is not set up that way. To meet the teacher, everyone must come through the lineage. Can someone say, "Oh, I don't need anything from the branch. I will fly in from the root"? Is that possible? You cannot do it without going through the lineage. That is how it is set up.
Now is the era of guerrilla warfare. So, even generals go to the countryside and take naps in barns, right? Do you understand? They share lunch with the villagers, right? In times when it is impossible, this works in the guerrilla era, but it cannot always be like this. I am the problem. I am the problem. You should ask whether your eyes have become the eyes of heaven. Have your eyes become the eyes of heaven? These eyes are all wobbly, going up and down, and everything they see is centered around themselves... The members of the Unification Church are the same. They were told to evangelize, but if this person has a lot of money, they think they should evangelize, and even if they are evangelized, someone else comes and takes them away. That is the principle of indemnity and restoration. Since they did it with greed, they must remove that greed... Evangelism must be done without greed. Everyone must like it.
Realization of personal heaven
You must like people. You must be able to see everyone positively. Even bad people, you should ignore and try to see positively; you should try to see everyone as good people. As you do this, you will become a good person. By understanding that one purpose and living for the whole, you will live joyfully and become a joyful person. That is how it is. Isn't that so? They say that a dog that has been in school for three years can recite poetry. Just as when you get close to a neighborhood, you tend to follow what is mainly done there, if you do that, you will create your own heaven.
332   Realization of Heaven
Knowing this, you must realize your personal heaven. Those who do this are the people of heaven. You must never engage in the games that Satan likes. That is something you should know immediately. You must never say you didn't know. You all know. You will know what kind of person you are. Are you unaware of that now? You will completely know whether you are on Satan's side or God's side.
"It is said, 'You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.'" (John 8:31) Because you can know these theoretical things through experience, if you can realize them, the realization of heaven is possible. Do you understand? "Yes." Do you understand? "Yes." Then let's draw a conclusion here. Now you understand how the realization of heaven happens.
In such a way of living, whether there is someone who recognizes my body and mind, whether someone sees it or not, it is rather when they do not see that you should do better. Isn't the world like that? If there is no owner, people tend to deceive, right? That is all hellish. According to such principles, we must go.
Now, looking at this, the path you must take... You, in order to restore through indemnity and to overcome the realm of death today, cannot do it as an individual. A family is necessary. Even with just a family, it cannot be done. A tribe is necessary. Even with just a tribe, it cannot be done. A nation is necessary. That is why God created a chosen people and established Christian nations.
Now, if you look at it this way, the Unification Church members around the world are needed. Do you understand? The Unification Church members are needed, and the Unification Church community is needed. We need the people of the Unification Church. Why? Because they are all one. You are to think of them as one. You are to think of them as one entity. Do not think of them as two entities. If you gather all the Unification Church members from around the world, they can become a nation and a people, but they are all one. They are all intertwined around the center, which is the teacher. Isn't that so? "Yes." They are all one centered on the teacher.
Then what is different? Whether you stand in the east, stand in the west, stand in the south, stand in the north, stand above, or stand below, that is the only difference; it is the same fate. Do you understand? "Yes." Therefore, you must align with the teacher and align with your family members. Do you understand? "Yes."
Can the branches of a tree in the east say, "The branches of the tree in the west can never come. Do not come"? If they say that, that tree will die. The tree that says do not come will inevitably die. The branches that say come will surely thrive. Do you understand?
Therefore, a church that says, "Anyone can come to our church," will surely thrive, while a church that says, "Do not come," will surely perish. What is grateful about our Unification Church is that when people from around the world say, "Oh, let's go to the headquarters," they say, "Oh, let's go," and follow along. That is why it thrives; when going to the headquarters, if someone says, "Oh, I don't want to go," that is when it perishes. Even if there is no benefit in going to the headquarters, you still have to go.
Satan must be unable to give up his position
Let's conclude. This world needs Cain. To restore through indemnity, the Communist Party is also needed, right? "Yes." God cannot become God unless He naturally subdues the Communist Party. If God wanted to forcibly subdue Satan, He would have done it the morning after the fall, 6,000 years ago. If that had happened, there would be no restoration history today, and you would not be able to come into the world today. However, since the principle of natural subjugation and the original heavenly path have been established, it is the position of the archangel to follow that principle. Therefore, even if Satan opposes that principle, would God oppose that principle? God continues to be God, right? Even if you have become Satan, can I, who is God, change?
Therefore, even after 6,000 years of accusations, we are still discussing and coming out, right? We are discussing and coming out. Likewise, you should not wish for the death of the Communist Party. How many enemies are there before the teacher of the Unification Church? How many people have tried to put me in prison and kill me? If they pray for me to die, then I am in the right. God does not want me to die, so He has left me alive; why do they want me to die? That is an evil person, isn't it? Isn't that right? God has not killed me and has just left me, so why do they want me to die? Isn't that rebellion against God's will? Isn't that right?
Whether God will give blessings or curses, we will have to wait and see. Why rush? We must be able to walk only the right path. It is good to defend against bad things. However, we must not strike. If that boundary is clear, it will naturally lead to subjugation. If the established church is Cain, then the Unification Church is Abel, right? "Yes." So, did the Unification Church truly love the established church? Did you truly love it? Did you or did you not? If you did not, it is fake. Even though I have been an enemy for my entire life, I have never prayed for a lightning bolt to fall and burn them all. I have never thought, "God, please let the established church perish." I have prayed many times, "Please save the established church," but I have never prayed, "Let it perish quickly."
The more you pray for them, the faster they will perish. Do you understand? The more sincere you are, the sooner the day will come when you can subjugate them, so they perish quickly. Satan must be unable to give up his position. Isn't that right? The rulers of the world are the same, right? The rulers of the satanic world must be unable to give up their sovereignty and position, right? Even while dying, they cling to it and say they will not let go... Satan must be unable to do so to be subdued. Therefore, in proportion to the opposition and strikes, according to the principle of indemnity, according to the law of compensation, when everything must be returned to God, when one must sell their body and even sacrifice their life, only then will they say, "Oh," and submit. That is how it is. So, is this an easy thing? But now we have come quite a way up. Do you understand?
Now, let's conclude. Today, Unification Church members come into the Unification Church and say, "I work for the teacher. I work for the Unification Church." They think this way, right? "I work for God." They say that, right? They have good guts. However, those things are fake. That is not it.
The teacher of the Unification Church is not someone who owes you a debt. Do you understand what I mean? The teacher of the Unification Church is not someone who is indebted to you. God is also not someone who is indebted to you. The Unification Church itself is not a church that is indebted to you. You are indebted to the Unification Church.
You need to know that you are carrying a burden. 
In order for you to build a bridge for the world’s return… because there are members of the Unification Church around the world, a bridge can be created that connects through 12 nations and all directions, east, west, north, and south. Therefore, you need to understand that the members of the Unification Church are preparing in advance to welcome you for the global stage that you will create. You also need to know that today’s Unification Church members, people scattered around the world, are waiting for you to come, having prepared their paths centered on national standards. Do you understand what I mean? If there are Unification Church families, you need to know that those families are waiting for you to come to them.

Those who follow the principles of justice can expand the foothold of heaven. From this perspective, you need to understand that God is mobilized for you, Jesus is mobilized for you, and not only countless religions today but also humanity under the dominion of Satan is mobilized for you. You need to know that Reverend Moon is mobilized for you, and the entire Unification Church is mobilized for you. Yet, despite being in debt like this, who are you for? That’s foolish talk. That’s for me to take care of myself. Do you understand? I need to… Because I am in debt, I must engage in the act of repaying it. I must repay with my whole being, even with my life. Repay all at once. Since I cannot repay one by one, I will repay all at once… Even if I have to die, I will repay all at once, with the determination to dedicate my life to it. If I go with that mindset, even if I have incurred a lot of debt, when I die, all will be forgiven, right? Isn’t that so? If a person dies with a debt of countless amounts, where will they collect it? When you die, is it forgiven or not? “It is not.” In this world, where there are no sons or daughters, where will they collect it? Do you want to go to the cemetery to collect it? Anyone who says they will collect money from a dead person is crazy. (Laughter) Isn’t that so? “Yes.” The one who says they will die, who goes to the place of death, is the one who says they will forgive all.

Then, they will come in. That’s why Satan says, “If you die, I will forgive you.” “Because I could not die for God, I became Satan, but you are dying for God, so you are better than me. I cannot dominate someone better than me, so you, who are better than me, will be dominated by God.” This is the secret of the entire restoration through indemnity, which is why Jesus said that those who wish to die will live, and those who wish to live will die. Those who wish to die will quickly establish heaven, and those who wish to live will just grow old in hell. A person who stakes their life and follows the principles of justice can expand the foothold of heaven, but a person who struggles to live for themselves narrows heaven and expands hell. It’s the opposite. Do you understand?

Knowing this, what should we do starting from 1975? Until now, it has been good. Up until the second seven-year course, it was the era of Jesus, a time of going back and forth in spirit and flesh, so it was good, but the third seven-year course is a path that must be taken directly. If you go in a winding way, you will incur losses. From here on, it is not the realm of fallen nature but the realm of completion. What is absolutely necessary in the principle of results and dominion is to unite centered on faith, reality, and heart. If we unite like this and cross over together, we will immediately rise to the stage of completion. On this principled foundation, knowing that I have incurred a lot of debt, if I have the heart to invest all at once in one place, we can transition to the realm of completion all at once.

Then, where should you start repaying your debts? You start repaying from those next to you, from the least of servants. “Even if I become a servant, I will repay.” That’s how it should be. “I will try to become a servant of my sons and daughters. I will become a servant of my wife.” Have you tried this? “I will become a servant of the church, a servant of the nation, a servant of all people.” I can say that I have no connection to the tradition of servants. This kind of mindset… 

Then, “In the tradition of adopted children, I will not become one who is burdened from the individual who carries the global responsibility.” You must go out like this. This must be done from the position of a son, and from the position of a parent. With this, from the individual to the family, from the family to the tribe, from the tribe to the nation, to the world, when you expand the heart that connects all of this, when you realize that the person goes anywhere, the realization of heaven is possible. Do you understand? “Yes.”

Let’s practice centered on the new method for the realization of heaven. Now, the year 1975 must not become vague. I must declare that I will repay my debts. I must think that I am living for myself, that I am moving for myself. The world is mobilized for me. The communists are also mobilized for me. God is also mobilized for me. Everything is mobilized for me, so I must become someone who is not ashamed in front of that mobilization.

From there, I must declare that I will become Abel. Abel is a more central being. So let’s advance for the world, day and night. While advancing, I must reaffirm myself… It’s not complaining. I must go out with gratitude. Then, without fail, heaven will expand from the individual to the global stage. Knowing that this is an undeniable fact, you must become the center in 1975. The world moves around me. For whom is the world? It is for me. What is the center of the world, nation, tribe, family, and individual? God is sitting here. (Pointing to what he wrote) God is here, God. The foundation where God can dwell… This gap is all equal. This and that are all equal. Since this is 360 degrees, everything must be the same.

This is what we must do. Here, I am the central being. Do you understand? Because I am the center, everything in front of me exists for me from a relative standpoint. When I move, the universe moves with me. When I advance from here, the whole advances. This is how I will now move from the individual to the global stage. Ultimately, by connecting the messianic thought of the entire world to myself, I will become the cause of all responsibility and have the subjectivity to expand into the relative world, and only then will heaven be fundamentally realized.

When you begin to move like this, you will truly make remarkable progress. From 1975, I believe we must go under the title of the realization of heaven. Do you understand? “Yes.” From now on, what should you do according to this meaning? Because you are the center, do not complain immediately. When you enter your family, from now on, you must… From now on, what is the fastest way? Instead of going out and evangelizing, everyone must return to their hometown. You must do more than what you did in the world. Just a little more. A little more will lead to progress.

You must understand this and follow the path that can unite the tribe centered on the family and the nation. Starting from 1975, this is the standard of completion, so the time will come when you can connect your tribe on a flat basis. Therefore, I believe that all paths will open quite easily in the future.

These days, there are words like the Moon family council, and those words are correct in meaning. Knowing this… Depending on how much you can make the realization of heaven possible, your ownership in the kingdom of heaven will be determined. It is given to anyone who practices.

Knowing this, you must practice centered on the new method for the realization of heaven. From 1975, it will be a time when heaven can bestow such value standards, so I say these words in front of you, and you must always stand in a subjective position and have an impact. Knowing that the place where you have an impact is where the realization of heaven is possible, and that place will become your foothold and your property, I am saying these words hoping that you will become such individuals. I hope you will expand the realm of God’s blessing and become those who receive much of God’s love and blessing, which is why I set this year’s slogan as the realization of heaven. Knowing this, should you not pledge for all 365 days in front of this standard? Do you understand? “Yes.”

<Prayer> Beloved Father! We truly need heaven. That heaven is not a delusional heaven, nor a fanciful heaven, but one that must be built step by step, one by one, through practice within our living sphere. 
The group here today, on the first day of the first month of 1975, has pledged to step forward as a subject who builds heaven with the slogan of realizing heaven. Please let them become your sons and daughters who will overcome Satan in the path of practice and expand that realm. 
Father, not only the group gathered here but also the Unification groups scattered throughout the Republic of Korea, and the many Unification groups around the world, including Japan and the United States, I earnestly hope and wish that your protection, love, and guidance will be with them as they fight for the realization of heaven throughout this year. 
Father, now in the period of the third seven-year course, under the title of the realization of heaven, wherever I go, I will run toward this purpose without resting, following your name. Please guide and advise me on the way. I earnestly request this. 
May the grace and love of the eternal Lord be with the Unification group, centered on this New Year’s Day, for all 365 days. Please let everything planned this year be successful. 
I earnestly ask that the practical support from the spiritual world and the relative manifestation appearing on earth be unified to show a unified movement. I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen. 
May you have a blessed New Year. “Yes.” 
* Selected Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon <Volume 74> 
Printed January 15, 2002 
Published January 25, 2002 
Editor: Committee for Compiling the Words of Reverend Sun Myung Moon 
Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo 
Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd. 
Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul 
Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore) 
FAX Number: 701-1991 
Registration Number: No. 3-98 
Registration Date: May 20, 1961