Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Selected Words
77
Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee

Foreword
                   President of the World Peace Unification Family, Hwang Seon-jo

Table of Contents
  Foreword …………………………………………………… 3
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································
····························································································

1)
Who Will Take Responsibility?
I was quite worried that you might get tired of the training you have received, but seeing your joyful faces, I couldn't help but think otherwise. Since you are not feeling bad, I can't help but wonder if it would be okay even if the teacher is not here. (Laughter) 
The reason you are studying here is for the purpose of the mission.
Tomorrow, I will be leaving for Korea. Ah, isn't that what should happen? So, are you saying not to go? "Yes." While I appreciate that response, it means to cancel all plans regarding Korea. (Laughter) I have already set the entire schedule….
Now, if things go wrong, I might not come back until after your 100-day training is over, and I think about that. That's why…. This time when I go to Korea, I have a lot to do. So, ultimately…. My busyness is not due to personal circumstances but because of the mission. Therefore, I know that you all need to be educated here and be responsible for a nation in the future, but I think about the important work I must do, which is unavoidable, so I hope you can understand with a broad heart.
March 23, 1975 (Sunday), Belvedere Training Center (New York, USA).
8   Who Will Take Responsibility?
Then, if you can't see the teacher here…. (Mother enters. Applause) Now that Mother is here, let's say just one thing about her, just one. Women tend to have a lot of sympathy for other women. Women and men are different. So, I talk to the women here. The men don't need to be concerned since they don't understand, but I want to say something to the women. When you look at Mother…. This morning, as she was leaving the Belvedere Church early, I persuaded her so much to greet the members here in New York and to visit those who are being educated here in Barrytown, no matter how tired she was.
Now, the women in America might think differently. American women have two or three children and go about their own way, but why does Mother do this? American women typically have two or three children…. That's the trend. How many did Mother have? (Laughter. The following is spoken in Japanese) Considering that, a mother who has given birth to many children must have gone through a lot of hardship. Women understand each other's situations well. Men may not understand it well.
So, even if Mother sits for a moment and then leaves, don't feel a bit disappointed. Let's talk. If I don't say this, when I return, it will be difficult because, 'I spoke for a long time today….' and Mother will have this expression. (Laughter)
Now, let's get to the main point. The reason I am going to Korea is for the purpose of the mission, and the reason you are studying here is also for the mission. Going abroad is all for the mission, but I think that the path I take is more important than you going out to pioneer a nation as missionaries, so even if you earnestly request it, I think it is okay not to extend it and not to comply with it. So, even if the teacher is not here, don't feel disappointed and wish me a good trip….
I will try to find time to come back as much as possible…. To come to America…. If I were to extend my stay, it would be for about a month; coming and going is not simple. So, keep that in mind, and while I think about coming back, I don't know how it will turn out. Even if I can't come, I have made those promises in advance, so the teacher will be at ease, and you won't complain that the teacher never comes to New York, so we can comfortably say these things to each other.
Let us take responsibility for the world.
Now, when I send you out into the world, I don't know when we will meet again, so wouldn't it be good for me to go on a world tour? But that is also difficult. Why? Because there are many people in the Communist Party who hate me…. So, looking at that, we can only expect that you will have international conferences, ideally once a year.
At that time, if you can't evangelize, you won't be able to attend the conference with the funds provided by the headquarters. To attend, you need to evangelize and buy round-trip tickets in that country to say, 'Go and come back.' Without that foundation, it is impossible. So, we need to have a meeting, but if there is nothing, there is no need for a meeting.
In the end, if there are many members and various complicated circumstances arise, we need meetings to resolve international issues, but would one person come to have a meeting? That is unnecessary.
If that is the case, even if we hold an international meeting, even if there are 120 countries, only ten or twenty countries will be able to attend. It could be ten countries or twenty countries. Therefore, we all need to go out with a strong determination, and you are confident in that, right? "Yes."
Now, let's talk about you a bit. When I leave, I want to ask you one thing: who will take responsibility? 'Who will take responsibility for the world?' and 'Who will take responsibility for the providence?' Let's talk about that briefly. So, is America responsible? If I ask that, how will you answer? Who in America? "Us." That's not America; it's us, us.
(The following is spoken in Japanese) Ultimately, it is not America that is responsible for the world. 
10   Who Will Take Responsibility?
And what about the established churches in America? Can famous universities, professors, or the president take responsibility? "No." Then, is there any country that can take responsibility for the world? "No." It is our responsibility. It is our duty.
The Gradual Collapse of America
Now, regarding what the fear is in the world and in America, the issue is communism. The Communist Party believes it can digest America. (The following is spoken in Japanese) So, what is the strategy of the Communist Party? They are teaming up with America to render it powerless. They are causing the youth to oppose the doctrines behind Christianity and to lose the traditions of America. Already, the churches in America are collapsing.
We must understand that Rome fell not due to external attacks but due to internal corruption. (The following is spoken in Japanese) Therefore, if we lose strength and unity, even a small force can cause everything to disintegrate. I spoke in Japanese until ten o'clock, and now Japanese keeps coming out. (Laughter)
When you think about this, what will happen to America? You will feel that the internal collapse is more frightening than the fear of external attacks. However, what is happening now is that the external attacks are coming not through weapons but through internal ideologies, and through moral decay, the external attacks are affecting us.
In the past, Rome fell without any internal infiltration, but now there is infiltration, and you need to be aware of that. You need to know that there is a Communist Party in this country. Can you have democratic activities and protest against the government in Communist countries like the Soviet Union or Red China? There is none. There is nothing. If you give an order, you must respond, 'Yes!'
The Communist world can advance and retreat as much as it wants, and it can advance as much as it wants. In America, if you say, 'Oh, American citizens! Let's go!' it may start, but before going halfway, more than half will oppose it. Then they will say, 'Oh! Since there is opposition, let's go back,' but that too will be opposed. Where should we go? Gradually towards death…. If this continues, I think America will collapse. The Communist world is the opposite. The more they are opposed, the more fiercely they act.
Look, this time when the Democratic Party in Congress said, 'Oh, let's help Cambodia!'…. In the past, when they said, 'Let's help Vietnam!' everyone was enthusiastic, but now when they say, 'Let's help Cambodia!' they say, 'Oh, no!' That too is about 200 million dollars.
Now, if something like Vietnam is in such a situation and asks China for 'just 200 million dollars,' would they not help? If they ask the Soviet Union, 'Oh, help us,' would they not help? Think about it. Would they not help? If China and the Soviet Union are in a crisis, would they just sit back? Would they support? Yes, they would definitely support.
If you see that America, which used to lead the world, is now saying it doesn't know, this is a curse. How much will they be attacked by weaker nations? If they were going to play such games, they should have never intervened in Vietnam; they would not have turned to communism so quickly. Because they intervened in Vietnam and ended up like this, now all the weaker nations are turning to communism, and that is the result of America's support. It would have been better if they had not helped at all.
So, having helped and now saying they don't know, the weaker nations of the democratic world that looked to America are now given a good chance to lean towards communism. Would all the weaker nations not lean towards communism?
12   Who Will Take Responsibility?
This means America is no longer needed. Communism seems better. What has America done? What has America done? Will God praise America for this? "No."
Let us become a group that can stand in the position of David facing Goliath.
Now, in this situation, who in the democratic world, aside from the communist world, can we trust? Who can we rely on? Do you trust England? "No." Do you trust Germany? "No." Do you trust France? Do you trust Italy? Who do you trust?
When I see this, if I were God, I would think that America was blessed to protect the world…. In the future, to defend against the communist world, it was raised up, but if it cannot take responsibility, would God leave America alone? If a nation cannot bear such international responsibilities, it is a just conclusion that God cannot leave such a nation forever. Do you all think so? "Yes." American youth, do you think so too? "Yes."
We must now engage in such movements. America itself must awaken, and the American people must awaken. We need to advocate for a movement that can assert that we must walk the rightful path. Yes, the teacher has said it. Ah, I told Kissinger, 'Watch as he shakes his head and withdraws from the Vietnam War. Kissinger himself will face difficulties in the future.' And now he is in trouble. The Democratic Party members are all opposing him in Congress, and President Ford is boycotting, and now he is in trouble. Now, does Kissinger just listen to the president? Does he listen or not?
What is the president? How did the president of this country become a mere puppet? Don't you feel that way? "Yes." Who will be the president who can shake this up and guide America towards the rightful path of the world? Who is there?
Now, the Democratic Party is opposing, and when the Democratic Party says something, they lose to the Democratic Party, and then they switch to the Republican Party, and back and forth, and if this continues, they will all become powerless. This has become like a rotten stick. What can be done in such America?
As the regime changes more and more, do you think America can develop, or do you think it will decline? "I think it will decline." You need to understand that you are in a crisis, a crisis. You must realize that America's crisis is right before us today.
Therefore, we have the responsibility to raise a new awakening before the officials of the American government and the American people. Who will do that? Only we can. So, do we think we can do that? "Yes." What power do you have? What power do you have? Can you control a state? Can you just say, 'Let's do this' in a few states in the East? Can you do that? "Yes." How? "Father…." But even Father cannot do it. Without a foundation…. Did God let the Israelites kill Jesus for no reason? You need to understand that without a foundation, nothing can be done. Did Jesus die on the cross for no reason? Did he die on the cross without a foundation? "No." He could not do it because there was no foundation.
Can you do it without a foundation? "No." Then if you cannot do it, can the teacher do it? "No." What about God? "He cannot do it." So the question is how quickly we can lay this foundation. This is what God urgently demands, and this is what the teacher urgently demands. We must realize that we are caught in a destiny that must be urgently resolved.
So, what should we do? Who will take responsibility? If the Unification Church does not take responsibility, we can try again, but if we say we will take responsibility and step forward, it will be the last time. Ultimately, who will take responsibility? Who will take responsibility? "Not at all…." Then will that be enough? Can that be done? If no one can take responsibility, who will take responsibility?
14   Who Will Take Responsibility?
How will this be handled? Will it fail? Is it saying to completely break God's will? 
That is why the conclusion is that there must be a group that can stand in the same position as David against Goliath. It’s not just words. It’s not just words. It’s not merely to give you some inspiration or advice. We must feel that this is the truth. 
Let’s work for three years with the heart of ‘I am the only one left.’ 
All the American youth… Do you think that youth can save America? “Yes.” With that youth? Those people will run away if they hear gunfire on the street. There’s no room for thinking about justice. Recently, there was a fight in New York between whites and blacks, and while the blacks gathered all at once, the whites ran away all at once. You need to understand that. 
For 6,000 years, God has come to America to conclude one purpose. How pitiful it is for God to have to despair again through this America. But why does the established church, why do various religions not even dream of it, while the Unification Church has to suffer? Why? Why? Why do we have to suffer for this country, to save America? Why do we have to do this? 
Why is that? Is it because we need money? Is it because we need power? What is it that makes us do this? What do we need? What is it? What is our purpose? It is not that God needs worldly nations. What God needs is a person who can fulfill His will, a nation that can fulfill His will. 
So why does God need Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? Why does He need him? Is it because of his good looks? “No.” For what reason? Does he have any global knowledge? He has nothing. Does he have power? Does he have money? He has nothing. 
15 
Nothing at all. Nothing. But because he knows God's will and is willing to fulfill it with his life, that is why God holds on to him. He is holding on to me. Outside of that, there is nothing. 
Do I need you because I want to take your money? Do I want to gain power? There is nothing like that. The tiny heart that wants to serve God's will is more necessary and stronger than any American power, and that is why I need you. 
I need you. 
So why do you eat? Do you eat to live? It is for this purpose. What is the reason for my work? Is it to eat? It is for this purpose. And why do I die? I die for this purpose with all my life. That is why God needs us. Do you understand? “Yes.” 
Now, if God looks at this world in a time when no one can be trusted… When He looks at these pitiful beings with eyes wide open, we must understand the shocking fact that the failed God is placing hope on these pitiful beings. To abandon America, to abandon the Christianity that moves America? How pitiful is God? How miserable is God? 
That is why I feel ashamed to pray to that God and say, “Father!” I cannot pray to a God like that. I cannot even ask Him for help. What if we cooperate this time and then after finding the world, there is a possibility of betraying God again? Isn’t there a possibility? 
Think about that. How pitiful God is. ‘I cannot be like that.’ This thought should not be absent. The prayer of Elijah, who stood alone at the end after being surrounded by the Baal gods, saying, ‘I am the only one left,’ must be felt. Do you feel that? “Yes.” 
You must realize that if you do not become the kind of people who can swear, “I cannot fail here, I cannot fall. I will go again.” 
If you have even a heart that can pray, say, “Please extend this time a little longer, extend it. If it can be extended from three years to seven years, please extend it…” I asked the heads of certain organizations when I went to Korea last time, “For these three years, somehow push through the situation in Korea.” So, America must make a decision in three years. We must not fail to prepare in these three years. 
Now, can we do the work that this country cannot do, that this government cannot do in three years? These crazy people… Can we do it? Will we do it? “Yes.” We cannot do it with just our strength. That is why we must think about one thing here: we need young people who have a stronger faith than anyone who risked their lives to seek freedom of faith at the time of America’s founding and who are determined to fulfill God’s will. 
That is why I said, “God! Please wait for three years! Even if I cannot do it, I will at least lay a foundation.” That is why I gathered you here after three years. So, do you know that you are the gathered group? “Yes.” Then, what will you do here? Will you return to your hometown, towards the new frontier of America, to break through the place where drugs are rampant and where Satan and communism swarm? What will you do? With my right hand, I must hold back communism, with my left hand, I must stop the youth from drugs, with my heart, I must defend the established church, and with my actions, I must move God. This is the kind of thinking we must have. Do you understand? “Yes.” Do you recognize yourselves as qualified to do that? “Yes.” You are lacking. You are lacking. When you think of this, say, “If I have a few months, I will study all of this. That time is right now!” 
Now, if you are like that, say, “The sky of Barrytown, the nature of Barrytown, let me discover a new me in my lifetime, and let me create a new me through a natural environment. Just wait and see! Within three years, I will become someone.” You must be in a position to make such a resolution. “I will not just die. I will not just die. Just wait and see.” You must make such a resolution. Do you understand? “Yes.” Have I made such a resolution, or will I? “I have.” Let’s see a show of hands from those who have made that decision. Put your hands down. If you go with that mindset and Satan says, “You brat! You brat!” and tries to stop you, what will you do? Will you push through like a tank? “Yes.” I like tanks. If you push through with a tank, no one can stop you. Did you see that? Can you do that? “Yes.” Do you have the strength to do that? “Yes.” You must have that kind of mindset. 
Persecution is valuable because it exists.
Now, look at yourself, look at yourself. I hear various reports that NBC is doing this and that, that they are conspiring to systematically drive out Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, that someone is opposing, that the FBI is opposing, that the CIA is opposing, that members of Congress are opposing, and I am hearing all sorts of complicated information. Will I work for what they give? “No.” So, I wish I could weigh 200 pounds or 300 pounds. (Laughter) That’s just the wind blowing. When a car goes fast, it meets the wind. That’s the natural principle. So, you must understand that the wind blowing is a natural principle. When a car goes fast, the wind blows, right? It rushes in. It’s the same. 
So, will you just stand still when you are facing a strong wind, or will you run? “I will run.” That’s the problem. There is persecution, right? It is valuable because there is persecution. What value is there without persecution? You must understand that I was born for that purpose and that I know that will, so I will clash once. I will strike once. Just like David struck Goliath. Will you try it? “Yes.” 
Look at your fists. With that small, delicate fist, think that you will break through with strength and if it doesn’t work, think, “Ah! My spirit was lacking.” You must think like that, not that it didn’t work because it was delicate. You must think, “My spirit is lacking. My faith is lacking. I am lacking.” You must not say that this is lacking. You must say that my spirit is lacking, my faith is lacking, my training is lacking, but it is not that it cannot be done. Do you understand what I mean? “Yes.” 
You can’t evangelize? What cannot be done is due to lack of skill and lack of faith… If it doesn’t work with sincerity once, you must repeat it stronger two, three, four times. If it doesn’t work, keep going until it does… That is why do not lose heart, do not lose heart. The one who loses heart is the biggest loser. Do you have confidence that you can influence a state when you go out to evangelize? “I have no problem influencing a state. I have no problem influencing a nation.” You must have that kind of confidence first. Do you have confidence? “Yes.” 
Then why did you gather so many people? If there were just 50 of you, you could take responsibility for all of America. Then, send everyone away except for 50! If you have confidence, this is too many. Send them all back. “No.” What will you do then? Will you go two by two to one place? Three by three? Four by four? What will you do? If I take responsibility alone, I should not want anyone to come. Isn’t this too many? What is so many? Even if the remaining people come to each of the 50 states, think, “Come to watch me fight. Come to watch. Come to learn what I am doing. You are coming to learn.” Think like that. “Why did you come? You came to learn from me, to follow what I do, right?” Think like that. Is everyone like that? “Yes.” If you are a man, you must have that kind of thought. If not, you should be kicked out. Don’t men have that kind of ambition? Is that right? “Yes.” Just wait and see. 
Yes, women are there to watch. Since women like to watch, let them watch. “No.” Then what will you do? Will you kick men out? Will you kick men out and take responsibility? “Yes.” Trust in this fist! Do you have confidence? “Yes.” When a man’s voice and a woman’s voice meet, a man will say, “What-ya?” (In a deep, loud male voice) and women will say, “What-ya?” (In a soft, high-pitched female voice). (Laughter) When you give a shout, it is hard, isn’t it? That’s a woman. “No.” 
Then what is a man? That is why men should stand firm. (Laughter) Then will men say, “Come on.” and yield to women and be happy? Will they yield to women? “No.” (Laughter) Just by hearing the voice, you can tell it is definitely softer. So, what is a man now? Do you think God would like a man who yields to women? I myself would not like it, so what would God like? We must establish the authority of man. We must establish the authority of man. We must never yield to women. 
Let’s work with a new resolution.
Now, knowing that, let’s make a new resolution. “Hey! Since I was born like this, let’s try it! Let’s try it! Let’s put in the effort and try it! Let’s go out and try it!” Women should do the same. We must do that to not lose. Our women may yield to our men, but whoever rules the nation in the satanic world, no matter how much of a champion they are, they must be able to block with the left foot without using the right foot. That must be the case. A woman who yields to the men of this world must not return. I will not send such a person to my in-laws, and I will not let them participate in a joint wedding. 
So, no matter where you go in America, men can win, and women can win anywhere in the world! Do you have confidence? “Yes.” Yes. “Yes!” Wow! (Laughter) You lose to me. You must not lose to me in your answers. When you take the test, you should push me aside and go. Why can’t you do that? It’s a fight. What’s the problem with me being the teacher? That’s good. Why? Because that way, victory will come quickly… Victory will be ours. 
Now, when you run, if I am in front of you, do not look at me, close your eyes and run. That’s good. And when I come around, think, “Why is he coming around? What does he want? He doesn’t need to come. I don’t need a supervisor or a director… I will do it all by myself…” You must have that kind of thought. And don’t say, “I waited a month for the money to come from the headquarters, but it hasn’t come.” Don’t say that. Money will come if it comes, and if it doesn’t, it doesn’t… You must have the confidence that you can earn and use money. “Whose cooperation do I need? I will do it all by myself!” You must have that kind of confidence. 
Now, if the headquarters sends some money, you must take several times that amount and go back to the headquarters clean… Pray to God and start. Can you do that? “Yes.” Hmm! I like such people. Do you? “We like them.” Do I like you? “Yes!” Yes? “Yes.” I like you too. (Laughter) 
So, why am I taking this time to say these things when I am not with you? You must have strength in your lower abdomen. Has that happened? “Yes.” (Laughter) Is there anyone dozing off? “Teacher, don’t talk in your sleep! I’m going to sleep.” Is there anyone sleeping? Is there anyone? Did everyone understand? Check if there is anyone next to you. Is there anyone? “No.” 
Then, I feel good. I feel good because everyone heard it. Shall we stop and conclude? “No.” You didn’t eat breakfast, did you? “No.” Then, you should have the composure to say, “Teacher, that’s good. I understand. You don’t need to conclude; I already understand your conclusion. Please stop.” (Cheers, applause) If you think like that, how wonderful would that be? “That’s right! That’s right!” (Laughter) If I teach you all this and send you off, that’s a zero. 
( Laughter) If you leave with a zero, what is that? 
Responsibility starts from one.
So, what is the title of today’s message? It is “Who Will Take Responsibility?” Who will take responsibility? Me? “Yes.” You? “Yes.” Then, give America to me! God! Give America to me! Let’s pray like that. “God! Give Asia to me! But I must not die at the age of 80. If you let me live until 90, I will surely do it.” If that happens, will God say, “Oh, let’s do that!” or “No, that won’t do!”? “He will say, ‘Let’s do that.’” “If God takes me away, it will be a huge loss.”
"Having that kind of self will lead to a long life. You want to live long, right? "Yes." 

Then where do you want to take responsibility? That's something each of you should decide. Can you take that responsibility all at once by saying, 'Hey! Asia, let's do it!'? You have to start from one. You need to occupy everything in Asia from there. Can you occupy it just by sitting still? "No." Where do you start? You start from one. You start from one, from one. If you evangelize one person, you should say, 'Through me, I will go to Asia! Through this family, I will go to Asia! Through this country, I will go to Asia!' That's how it should be.

Then what will you do when you go to that country? Do you think God will listen if you say, 'God! God! Please send me!'? Wouldn't that upset God? 'God!' 'Why?' 'I need to go to South America.... This country needs me, so please help.' Then He will help you. As far as I know, God likes such people. Do you all like such people? "Yes." It's the same. So, do you have worries in your heart? "No." I will do it with my own hands in South America, in Africa, in Asia! Even if I'm a woman, I will do it! How good does that feel? Now, when there is persecution, if you say, 'Oh, it's hard to deal with persecution in this environment,' what is that? What will you do? At the very least....

Would God prefer you to think big or think small? Even if your desires are big, you should do small things beautifully.

Think about it. How many people are managing the world? Only about ten people are managing the world. You should have the thought that 'I can do that. If a few of us align our hearts with the teacher, it's just a matter of time before we can manage the world.' 

Now, when the teacher came to America, did he think, 'Oh! America, with 220 million people, the world's number one cultural country, an advanced country with lots of money! There's the FBI, the CIA, and it's a den of opposition against established churches. Oh, how can I...'? Did he think like that? Did he think, 'This damn America! This damn America!'? Think about how he started. Now he's famous, right? He appears in 'Time' magazine alongside famous people like Kissinger and Ford, and Reverend Moon is included there too. (Applause) It matched perfectly with the teacher's plan. It matched perfectly with the plan. (Laughter)

Now, think about it. If people like you become a hundred thousand or a million, what will happen to America? What do you think will happen to America? Think about it. I believe that. If our Unification Church girls had not had the blessing marriage this time, they would have been the ones saying, 'I will become the First Lady of the United States.' They would have rejected being the wives of senators. Since the teacher married them, they have no choice. Is that true? "Yes." But (the rest is spoken in English) the teacher has married many people. They will comply with that, right? "Yes." Hehehe. Is that right? "Yes."

Think about how you will handle these women in the future. How will you send these women off to marriage? Since your mothers and fathers, your uncles cannot send them off, I will manage and send them off. (Laughter) Think about how wonderful that idea is. So, why complain when I do it for you? You should think like that. With plenty of leisure... The teacher went to prison in shackles, went to the courtroom, and received a sentence... The sound of the shackles still hasn't been forgotten. When someone opposes him in a sermon, does the teacher say, 'Oh!'? Does he try to run away, or is he more composed? What do you think?

If you just try to evangelize, there are countless ways to do it. 

At places like Berkeley University, they had planned to kick me out, but my strategy completely outsmarted them. I knew they had planned to finish it within ten minutes by gathering a crowd. They couldn't go beyond ten minutes because they had planned to oppose in this way, and if it went beyond ten minutes, they would fall into my strategy; I had already calculated everything. So, they came in, making all sorts of noises, but I said, 'Go ahead.' How much more fun is that than a lecture! So, I also laughed, ha ha ha. 'Do it again!' Hehehe! (Laughter) Let's do it again! Then the audience would all laugh. 'Haha... Reverend Moon is good at this.' They would applaud. (Laughter) After about ten minutes, there would be nothing left to do. They had already done everything they planned, so it was all over. Now, if they want to do something again, they have to go back and discuss, 'What should we do!' and repeat it, but they can't do that. Those who think like that are already aware of everything. How fun is that? Do you think like that too? Why do you think it's difficult?

There are countless ways to evangelize. Do you just need to give a principle lecture? You can play the trumpet, or you can fight on the street. Fighting is evangelism. By doing that, you can gather people and show them what they did wrong... 'I was wrong, wasn't I?' Present evidence based on justice, and people should live for justice. You can talk about anything by walking with the youth of this country, with the leaders of this country. Why just sit there and think, 'It would be nice if people came to hear the principle'? What is that? What is that? They won't come.

At that time, you can go fishing, go to the Hudson River, catch a carp, and if someone comes to watch, you can say, 'Take this as a gift and evangelize.' This is actually better. Especially if it's women, if a big fish is caught, they can call a man and say, 'Oh! I don't know how to catch it, so please help me.' Then everyone comes, and they say, 'Honey, let me try fishing too.' Then they become friends. Then you can say, 'In the evening, I'll invite you to my house, so come.' Even if they say they won't come, they will.

Our girls ride motorcycles. Vroom! You all know how to ride motorcycles, right? (Laughter) How good does that feel! How good does that feel! Try it. When you go to the motorcycle shop, there will be many young people there, and you can just sit there and say, 'Do you ride motorcycles well? How many miles do you go?' They will boast, 'I go a hundred miles, a hundred fifty miles. Let's try it.' You can do that. That's evangelism.

To evangelize... When you go to a restaurant, you can buy ribs and when customers come... That's evangelism. How funny would that be? With a bang bang... (Laughter) After eating, you can go up high and do this, and will everyone pay attention or not? 'You all have completely fallen into my strategy in this narrow space.' You can think and laugh. (Laughter) 'I can make sure that no one here will not pay attention to me.' If you do that, how much attention will you get? You can do it right away. Is that right? Will you succeed or not? "I will." Then if the audience laughs, 'Ha ha!' then you can be calm... (Laughter)

'Now, if this ends, it won't be fun, right? It will be boring, right? Should I try again?' 'Yes, yes.' That's how it will be. Then you can bring up human issues, create points of interest, and from there, you can do as many principle lectures and sermons as you want. At that time, if there is a fat person, you can say, 'I went somewhere once and saw this fat person walking like this,' and if you imitate that, how will that fat person react? You can joke lightly, 'Still, you are on the slimmer side.' You can do that as much as you want. That's how you evangelize.

Also, when you go to meet a principal in the morning, you can go to the principal's office and say, 'Ah, teacher! I might be your student, I might have met you before.' Even if you don't know, you can talk like that. If you go for three days, saying you might be a student of the teacher, you will automatically become friendly and be able to enter that office naturally. Why can't you do that? There are countless strategies. If you don't have a strategy, you can't evangelize. Why can't you do it?

You need to train in various fields.

The teacher played games when he was young. During his student days, he would put on a hat, take off his school uniform, and wear a suit, then go up on stage and joke in front of a large crowd. At that time, you should learn to imitate that. There were schoolmates in the audience, but they didn't know I was a classmate. They thought, 'I didn't know our classmate was so good at joking.' They would completely recognize me as someone else. When I came to the neighborhood, they would ask, 'Did you go to Changgyeong Palace yesterday?' and I would say, 'Oh, I didn't go.' They would say they saw someone who looked just like me. There were many such instances. After hearing that a few times, it would end there. I did all those kinds of things, to the point where my classmates wouldn't recognize me.

That's why even in business, the teacher is good. Even in business. Everything is trained. Now, when it comes to evangelism, saying, 'Oh! No one is coming. Oh! I know how to lecture, but there are no people...' What is that? What is that? If it doesn't work, hit a neighborhood dog with a stick and cause a problem. Then the owner will come and say, 'Why did you hit our dog?' and you can say, 'Oh, is this your dog? I just wanted to see how agile it is, so I tried hitting it.' Then you become friends. You praise the dog for being as agile as its owner. That's how evangelism happens. Then you can go back and say, 'I'm sorry about yesterday.' and they will say, 'What do you mean sorry...?' That's why there are countless ways to evangelize. Countless ways.

And in the morning, when that person goes out in their car, you can watch which route they take and then at the intersection, you can suddenly brake. Then that creates a connection. Even if they curse at me, I can create a connection and evangelize. It doesn't work because you don't want to do it.

So, is there no way to evangelize, or is there? There are countless ways, right? "Yes." Absolutely do not just go to houses, absolutely. Are you going to live like that just because you look like a man? You should feel sorry for looking in the mirror, for looking at the ceiling, for looking at the floor. You should have that kind of self. Have that self. Young people, do you all understand? "Yes." I will perform! I will perform, I will.

What is literature, literary books? They are all made of lies. I will try literature once. Is there a rule that says I can't? "No." You should have that kind of self and be able to improvise with plenty of leisure. You need to train for that.

Now, since the teacher is that kind of teacher, do you want to resemble the teacher or not? Do you want to resemble the teacher? "I want to." That is necessary. If you get hungry while walking, you can go into a store, greet them, and say, 'This bread is a bit different from the bread in our neighborhood, can I taste it? It looks warm and delicious.' You can get bread like that. Then, if they think you have money, will they say you can't eat? After that, you thank them and leave. If they ask for money, you can say, 'Didn't you tell me to eat?' (Laughter. Applause) Then you can say, 'I thought you were being nice, but you want money? I happen to have no money today. I will bring it next time.' Then next time when you have money, you can give it to them. If you do that, when you're hungry, you can always go to that store and say, 'Ah! This is delicious.' After doing that two or three times, you can go to that store for a year when you're hungry. You should think like that. Without that, you cannot occupy the satanic world with nothing. How will you stretch your feet and develop to occupy that country?

If I talk about this, it won't end, so let's stop here. Look. I haven't eaten since morning and have been talking all day... You must be thinking, 'Oh, it's three o'clock, I hope the teacher stops now.' "No." 

Let's go out to share blessings. 

So now you need to have self. 'God! I don't need to hold anyone responsible. I will take responsibility myself.' You need to think like that. That's what the teacher has been paving the way for. God wants you to know the way He can trust and hold you responsible, so He has fought countless battles.

Now, did you meet the teacher well or not? Tell me. Did you meet the teacher well or not? "I met him well." There is no one like the teacher in America, right? "Yes." Is there anyone in the world, in the world? "No." Is there anyone in the world who thinks they can do whatever they want with God? "No." Anyway, it's strange. Anyway, you met a strange person. Young people in America, they say to the Oriental teacher, 'Oh! Let's do more. Let's do more.' Isn't that all crazy? That's all crazy. (Applause) You are not the only strange ones. The world will be strange, and future generations will have strange people too.

So, when you see that, it is certain that you have met a truly global person, whether good or bad, right? "Yes." If what the teacher said is true, how great and how highly will the teacher's value be evaluated in the 1st century, 2nd century after this truth? You might think, 'The teacher is this much. I'm just like him.' But what will it be like then? When you think of that, this place is a historical place. You need to know that.

So, because this is a historical place, if we all say to God, 'Entrust it to me!' then God will respond, 'Okay!' and the teacher will also entrust it, and God will say, 'Okay!' 

Then it concludes that the teacher is someone who can move God. How big of an event is this? Wouldn't you think about such a place even in your dreams? If such a fact exists, wouldn't you want to go once? Wouldn't you want to meet once, and if such an event occurs, wouldn't you want to try it once? "I will try." Even if one eye is lost, you would want to try it, right? Isn't that so? "That's right." Even if one hand is cut off, you want to try with the remaining hand, and even if one leg is cut off, you would do it. Then is that happiness or unhappiness? "It is happiness." Since you are happy, a blessed person must share blessings. You must go to America and the world to share blessings! Do you understand? "Yes."

So! You are not going to take away blessings, but you are going to share blessings. This is our responsibility. That's why you should think, 'It is a dignified march. It is a dignified march.' God will want you to march like that. The teacher will want you to go like that. You all will want to go like that. Is that right? "Yes." If that happens, God will..."
Surely, it is inevitable that we must take on the problems of the entire world. 
From that position, those who oppose me will see their downfall in my realm, and nations that oppose me will see their downfall in my realm, and the world that opposes me will see its downfall in my realm. Why? Why? Because God exists. Because God's will does not allow for such a long time, you will surely see this. When you look at the world, you know well that it is within the realm of possibility. Therefore, we know that there is no one but us who can liberate God and the world...
Thus, in order to digest the most difficult problems of the world, I hope that you will become those who can truly take responsibility for these difficult issues and achieve this goal. I would like to conclude my remarks here. Now, let’s see a show of hands from those who agree. Thank you. *

2)
While dispatching the person in charge of lifestyle education
I would like to mention one thing for your reference. Although you all came from different states, as the teacher is now leaving, I want you to think about the fact that the foundation on which you are working, gathered from the states, is currently in a rather difficult position. Therefore, we have taken urgent measures to send 50 blessed families from Japan to New York, with one representative from each state, and to send one person along with them. They will leave tomorrow. This is because this year's goal is the realization of heaven. This year's goal is the realization of heaven.
Let’s cultivate a habit of saving
You all know that America is the nation of the archangel. Therefore, with the tradition of the archangel nation, you cannot enter heaven. That is why you must receive training through a family system that can align with the laws of heaven, and this training must start from this year. It must be based not on American standards, but on transnational standards.
Thus, while going in place of the teacher, these women will be sent to various centers to take on the role of mothers. They are being sent to act as mothers. We need to educate the lifestyle system. So how should we do that? We need to change the way of economic living, which has been different from the way American women live. Americans tend to think that everything can be solved with money. In terms of economics, they think they can just earn and spend...
How can we save? Who will coach us on how to save even more?
Even from what I see here, and from observing our training at Belvedere, I can see that we can save significantly through my involvement, but currently... Even these doors could all be replaced... We can fix and use many things, but they do not know how to do that. We need to coach them on all of this. I have seen many things that should not be discarded being thrown away, and many things that should not be consumed being consumed.
Therefore, whatever it takes, for the sake of the world, for the will of God, and for the restoration of this nation, we must now seek ways to save even a penny, and that is the teacher's thought. Thus, in terms of economic management, it is the teacher's thought that we must pioneer ways to save even more.
What comes next? Regarding lifestyle, regarding church life, we must control everything that is lacking. To be a mother, one has the responsibility to manage money and raise children.
Therefore, when these women go, they must take on the responsibility to adjust all economic activities nationwide. Until now, the problem has been that the church and the economic activity members have not been in harmony, and I know that there are many issues because of that. Yes, because the church is not functioning well, the economic members feel uncomfortable when they go to church, and the church also feels uncomfortable. There is an unreasonable tendency to reject those who come into their area, saying, "Why are you coming to our area? Get out!"
Therefore, these women must take on the responsibility to adjust all economic authority so that they can operate in the future. When an economic member is assigned to a new state, who will they go to? They will go to these Japanese mothers. Regarding this issue, even the state leaders will not be able to speak about it in the future. Since the responsibility has been entrusted... Therefore, as soon as they arrive, they must take over and lead their families in the economic activities they have been involved in until now. They must take on professional responsibility.
What I have directed through Kamiya to the New York church until now is, among your families, to see how much the church leaders can live on through 10 regions, "Try to minimize it." With this, I have prevented all New York leaders from fundraising and have provided for them to carry out their activities. Thus, I have been trying to establish an average standard. I have provided education, education. According to the teacher’s statistics, the decisive conclusion is that if you have an average of $2,000 to $3,000, you can manage comfortably.
In New York, then, each state must consider that it can also function with less than this, that $2,000 is sufficient. Therefore, if a local church assigns just one economic member, it is possible! This was adjusted so that one person would earn the money. Since our economic member expands economic activities with a standard of $3,000, it has been concluded that one person can be assigned. If that is insufficient, two people will be enough. Instead, you must take the lead in economic activities and take full responsibility for coaching!
So, currently, since the state has a house, I have instructed them to pay for the rent of that house. Thus, all the money coming from the economic activities within that church will be managed by this woman. She must sign off on the expenditures. She must receive the mother’s approval. Therefore, when spending, training must be done to ensure that it goes through such an organization. Until now, I have seen that these leaders have spent too much money, too much. We must save all of this. Do you understand the teacher's words? "Yes."
Since the average amount spent per month is all clearly established, if it exceeds that, they must report it. In New York, they are currently spending while carrying out economic activities. In local areas, is a car really necessary? They can walk and do everything... In one city, there is no need for a car, and they can do everything by walking, so why can't they? The teacher thinks that a comprehensive adjustment must be made in the future.
Live a life of discussing and uniting with one another
Why? Why do we do this? In the future, if you earn $5,000, you must definitely deposit $3,000. Therefore, all the money you collect will be deposited in one bank. We are not trying to set up another bank to gather funds. So, as much as possible, let’s spend only 70% and save at least 30%. This must be saved.
Why? Because 10% must be offered as a tithe to God. Then, for the sake of saving humanity, we must also give 10% as a tithe for the sake of the world. After that, you must pay 10% in taxes for your country. You must contribute for your nation. Therefore, this 30% must be saved no matter what, so I have instructed you to keep and spend 30%. When the basics cannot be met, you will only use checks.
With such an organization, we will create a bank in the future. We are planning to organize a bank. So, let’s create a bank, a bank. We must prepare for this. Therefore, in the future, we must manage the entire economy and guide and nurture it, which is the teacher's perspective.
What comes next? Since you have not been able to evangelize until now, the blessed families in Japan have done so in America as well as in Japan. They may not speak well, but they are ahead of you in every aspect. They may not speak well, but... Therefore, you blessed families must create a tradition of how to serve God and how to save to fulfill His will. We must achieve that and move forward quickly.
How will you evangelize? I will meet with you all anew and coach you on that. At the same time, I will take on the responsibility of the circuit. Since I have sent you with such responsibilities, you must not say, "Oh, I am the leader, who are you?" We must discuss together.
In the future, we must train centered around a system of family life, and I hope that even when you return, you will joyfully embrace such a system and have the thought to practice and nurture it. Therefore, you must report twice a month. Economic issues, and then the lifestyle of evangelism, how all responsibilities will develop in that state must be reported directly to the teacher twice a month. Do you understand? "Yes." We must form such a system and expand the foundational lifestyle. That is the realization of heaven.
"It’s good that the Unification Church members are here, but when I went to the church, it was wrong." This cannot happen. "The words are good, and the individuals are good, but when I went to the church, I saw that living as one is truly wonderful." This must be the case. The words are good and the people are good... Moreover, since Americans dislike personal interference the most, we must break this down. Therefore, everything must be open... It cannot be otherwise.
Have an attitude of receiving guidance centered around the woman dispatched from the headquarters
You must not draw a line and say you cannot come this far. Anyone can enter here, and anyone can leave. Do you think so? "Yes." Therefore, do not think, "Oh, I have another mother-in-law now! Mother-in-law, mother-in-law..." (laughter) You must not think like that at all. "Ah! This is good news. One of the people I hoped for has come." You should think this way. Since the teacher has trained for three hours in that regard, I believe that the content will surely be well delivered.
Therefore, you must have an attitude that allows you to receive guidance and develop quickly while discussing everything. With this, now that there is a circuit member, we will try to create a double organization across the entire state to maintain contact with the headquarters.
Thus, among the trainees this time, all the international mobile teams have gathered here, but based on the overall evaluation criteria, even if it is not possible, I think we should create a circuit member every two weeks for at least 25 people. With such an organization, everyone will move, for several months. The reason for this is that it is easy to create a personalized state, as a whole. Even if they dislike it, if they stay long, it becomes uncomfortable. After a year, it will be completely evaluated whether such a person is absolutely necessary for that state. Thus, the teacher is planning to place capable individuals to serve as a driving force for development.
So, since the domestic situation in America is developing with such an organization, those who are going out as missionaries do not need to worry about America. And you all should absolutely comply and research how to do well, and since there will be such people in the future, I believe that if you discuss and act, it will be quite helpful. Do you understand? "Yes."
Now that you know this... Next, I will introduce someone here. Shin Misik, please come out.
As you all know, Mr. Choi and Mrs. Choi are representative individuals who crossed the borders of Japan and Korea to hold their wedding. 36 families... After three years, she went to find her husband. She did not even know who her husband was or what kind of person he would be... (laughter) She has done much work in Korea and has achievements, but she has significantly influenced the plans the teacher made by saying, "When you go to Japan, do this and that." Although she is short, she is undoubtedly a capable woman.
So, I contacted San Francisco this time and instructed, "Come back on the 23rd. I will place you in this Belvedere training center." So she came today. There must be a mother at the training center. (applause) She will also take on important lectures such as the 120-day training lectures or the 40-day training lectures, so that she does not fall behind the men. (applause) Therefore, the men must not underestimate her just because she is a woman.
Also, it feels awkward because there are only men, but if these men are fighting and feeling bad among themselves, she can also mediate between the men. That is also necessary, in various ways. Moreover, this person is very economical and practical. She is also someone who makes sharp judgments about right and wrong. She is someone who does not forgive when it comes to principles. She graduated from the pharmacy department, and she has considerable talent in design. Therefore, I believe that if I entrust her with organizing the environment at Belvedere... I need to do things like curtains, but I cannot do it, so I believe she will do well if I entrust all of this to her.
So, everyone, do not underestimate her just because she is a woman, and please do well until I return... I hope that by then, you will be united. (applause) *

3)
Debt
<Prayer> Beloved Father! Today is March 30, 1975, and it is the last Sabbath of this month. Please have mercy on your children gathered here this morning. As the children of unification from around the world look up to this place and offer their sincere hearts, may you personally protect each of their hearts with love. Allow us to willingly bear the responsibilities and missions you have entrusted to us during this historic turning point.
Father! We have only two days left until we welcome the new month of April. In this peninsula, a new movement of unification providence, unprecedented in history, has already begun in Busan. May these 660 individuals who have come under the name of the international mobile team be allowed to express gratitude for the heavenly will once again and may this be a holy period in which they can leave something behind for this nation. Now, please personally oversee the intense struggle centered around the next 45 days.
Let this period be one in which we can connect our individual loyalty and intellect to the historical providence that must be borne in the future, along with your name and the name of Korea. The Korean people will look at their appearance and hear all their rumors, and I earnestly hope and desire that the heart of the new historical love providence be instilled in them by you.
Even if humans take responsibility for this land, they are limited beings and cannot encompass the unchanging historical path of providence, nor can they obstruct or hinder it.
However, you are eternal and absolute, and therefore, all directions of history...
I know that you are the center who adjusts all the contents of history and its outcomes. That is why I must trust you and follow you, carrying your wishes in my heart, and pledge my loyalty within the limited boundaries during this visit to Korea. Father, I earnestly hope for your protection. I sincerely wish that this holy activity will allow us to leave behind a bond of love along with our intentions in our coming and going.

Moreover, I earnestly hope and desire that many believers of the established church will form new connections before your will during this opportunity and become a group that can receive the final grace of mercy toward heaven.

I sincerely hope that you will watch over the remaining days, and I earnestly ask you to bless all your children here and those in America. I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

<Words> No one in this world wishes to be in debt. However, during our lifetime, we must incur debts to our nation, society, family, or friends, and we realize that we cannot live without incurring debts in various fields.

Humans who must incur debts and repay them
Just as it is in human society, when we look at the providential will, we must understand that whether it is God, or an individual, or the Unification Church, or Korea, or any country, we all stand in a position of owing debts throughout history.

Who owes more debts, and who repays them? If someone has incurred a lot of debt, and if that person can take responsibility and repay it, then that person may establish their dignity and face in society. However, if they owe debts but evade responsibility or oppose the circumstances, they will inevitably face criticism as a member of society and will be diminished in the relative social context.

In the same way, when we look at the situation centered on God, we must consider how much debt the Republic of Korea has incurred before God throughout history. Furthermore, when we look at Korea, we must also consider how much debt it has incurred before the Asian empires. If there is a sovereign governing that country, that sovereign has a responsibility to love the people like a parent and to leave something for the citizens, but if they fail to do that and instead find themselves in a position of being indebted to the people, that too can be considered a debt. The citizens are no different in this regard.

When we look at it this way, we cannot escape the historical connections of incurring and repaying debts in relative relationships, whether they are sequential or hierarchical.

Humans indebted before God
From this perspective, when we consider the issue of God and the nation, what is the standard of the restoration providence today, and where is it headed? The initial desired standard is not the nation itself. Of course, the goal is to find the nation through the individual and the family, but the primary concern regarding humanity is the relationship between me and God.

As you know, the salvation providence is the restoration providence. In other words, the restoration providence is about returning to the position that was not fallen. To return to that position, it is not just a matter of going back; it requires going through the process of re-creation. To undergo the process of re-creation, it cannot be done haphazardly; we must apply the principles and laws that were used in the original creation; otherwise, the results of re-creation will not manifest.

From this perspective, if we look at the self that is ‘me,’ we find that we are descendants of the fall. Then, until the fall, how much effort did God put into the creation of our human ancestors, Adam and Eve? If God exerted effort, then He must have poured out all His love, intellect, and everything He possessed into creating Adam and Eve as His sons and daughters. It is certain that God invested all the good things into those children.

When we consider this, the fact that Adam, that son, fell represents a loss for God. If everything of value that He invested up to that point was severed, then someone must take responsibility for the corresponding, truly valuable loss. Who should take responsibility? It should not be God, but rather humans who have made the mistake. However, if humans are in a position where they cannot take responsibility, what should be done? This is the problem. When humans cannot take responsibility, then God must take responsibility.

Even before the fall, if we consider all that is precious, we find that humanity owed a debt to God. The fact that humanity fell caused a shocking loss before God. The position of the children that God had longed for could turn into a curse and resentment. The desire to bless could turn into a rage that negates everything and wishes to destroy it immediately.

The salvation providence is a game to find just one Adam
Then, without suppressing such feelings and going through the process of recovering them, there would be no path for the re-creation history or the salvation providence. It is unthinkable that God, with a heart full of resentment and grievance, would seek to save humanity. To extend the hand of the salvation providence, God must resolve to embody the desires and hopes of creation; without this internal process, human salvation would be difficult. This is something you can feel through your own experiences with your children.

When we think of the place where the purpose of the salvation providence can manifest, it cannot be said that the will of the salvation providence was fulfilled without any thought. There must have been a process of twists and turns, overcoming the circumstances of those twists and turns, digesting them, and presenting new hope before humanity in order to initiate the salvation providence.

For this reason, it is certain that God must have gone through a process of transformation internally as the God of creation. Considering that this leads to the restoration of the individual, family, nation, and world, from a providential perspective, we see that God has established numerous external religions up to this point. What is the purpose of this? It is to gather all the elements spread out among those religions to create one ideal Adam.

Whether it is Christianity, Confucianism, or any historically renowned religion, they all aim to extract the value of one original, unfallen person from there. When we consider the countless values of religions compared to the one ideal human who has not fallen, namely the completed Adam and Eve, which holds more value? The unfallen original Adam is of greater value. Ultimately, religions exist to recreate Adam. That Adam is the Messiah.

From this perspective, to send that one Messiah to this earth, how much has humanity suffered and struggled through twists and turns since the fall? How much has God endured while facing the path of suffering, overcoming it, and seeking the completed Adam, who symbolizes the conclusion of re-creation?

When we think of this, we should reflect on the historical background of God taking responsibility for the process of restoring that one person. How many twists and turns must there have been? Individuals must have witnessed their own misery, families must have seen it, nations must have experienced it, and countries must have seen it too. If it is tedious, it is a tedious period; if it is miserable, it is a miserable period; if it is unjust, it is unjust... If God were to think of Himself in such a position, it would undoubtedly be an historically tedious period that He could not give up. However, while overcoming that, God must have had many scenes of internal struggle, looking forward to a future time.

When we think of this, it is undeniable that God, as the Creator of heaven and earth, who could dominate everything under His authority, has endured the hardships of the salvation providence. If God were to think of His own dignity and abilities, and if He were to assert, "I am this kind of being," could He have maintained the path of seeking to find one human being in the historical process? I believe He could not have. If He were to assert Himself, think of Himself, and place Himself in a position of dignity, could He have endured the path of suffering to find a fallen human being? 

Knowing God's heart, Jesus willingly walked the path of the cross
When we think of this, if God Himself has a thought of self-interest, then there is nothing that can be done. However, if God is in a position of forgetting Himself, He could not continue this path. When we consider this, if God has gone through such a process, for whom has He done it? It was not for Himself. For whom is He enduring this? It is not for His own sake but for humanity. Who are these humans? It is for every individual. While there are billions of people today, it is not for the entirety of humanity but to pave the way for each individual.

When we see it this way, we must recognize that this is the truth. If there is someone who holds onto us and cannot let us go, who cannot abandon us on the path of suffering, how grateful we should be for that person. What could we use to express our gratitude? There may not be anyone like that in the world, but if there were, how could we repay that gratitude?

Then, until Jesus came to this earth, the effort of God must have been immense. How great must that effort have been? Finally, when the Messiah was sent to this earth, Jesus was presented as the representative of the fulfillment of God's wishes, having made decisions from God's heart and having gone through that effort. When Jesus was presented as the central being who could resolve the grievances of that effort, the nation should have accepted Him, and humanity should have hoped for unity. Yet, they opposed Him and drove Him to the point of death. If we think of this from God's perspective, how much resentment must He have felt after enduring thousands of years of suffering and overcoming it? How miserable must it have been for God to face the fate of having His Son killed? Yet, He did not vent His anger and had to silently extend the providence of salvation. How immense must have been the internal struggles of God? We humans do not think about this.

When Jesus was to be crucified, He said, "Abba, Father! If it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet, not my will, but yours be done." This statement indicates that Jesus was aware of how much effort God had put into history. However, saying, "Not my will, but yours be done," signifies that his life was not the only issue at stake. He could assert himself because he recognized the immense suffering God had endured throughout history. The more he felt that, the more he understood the magnitude of God's suffering, which could have motivated him to deny himself.

When we consider this, we see that God has endured many paths of suffering for 4,000 years to present Jesus on this earth. For whom has He done this? Of course, He represented humanity, but even as the Savior, Jesus thought, "This is to establish my responsibility. This is to fulfill my mission. This is for me." When he realized this, he could not help but feel a sense of responsibility.

Thus, faced with that responsibility, he was not irresponsible nor did he abandon it; rather, he felt a duty to bear that responsibility. When he felt that obligation, he could willingly walk the path of the cross.

Ultimately, even if he went to the point of sacrificing his life, he sought to find the path that could comfort the historical God and understand the internal heart of God. When we look at Jesus, we see that throughout human history, God has endured and guided ignorant humans, but finally, through Jesus, He could see that there is a heart that recognizes God and wishes to serve Him. This must have been a hopeful light for God.

If Jesus could guide the nation and Rome, expanding the global landscape, how pleased God must have been! The more the landscape expanded, the more it became clear that this was not for himself but for the historical God. His life was to repay the efforts God had made until now. It was to comfort the heart that had suffered. It was to erase the wounds that had been inflicted. If he stood in that position, then through Jesus, God would finally have a way to resolve grievances and restore what had been broken. To resolve means to do the opposite, does it not?

For whom is God's sacrifice?
Now, while Jesus recognized God's heart and understood the internal workings of heaven, how shocked must God have been when He had to present Jesus to the cross due to humanity's actions? If He were like the humans of this world, He would have immediately struck down the Jewish people and the nation of Israel. They were a group that could have been completely destroyed, yet God had to overcome that... In doing so, how miserable must it have been for God to lose the center of hope, Jesus, and to face the need to repeat the historical path of suffering once again?
It must have been a more shocking blow to God, who had been overcoming the path of suffering through countless processes of recreation and restoration, and coming forth with hope, than the fall of Adam and Eve and the fall of humanity. Nevertheless, God, in a position where He could not even save the dying Jesus, had to push Him back into the path of death again, extending His wish once more, and when considering that He was in a position where He had to look forward to a future day, it must have been a heart-wrenching situation.

Thus, the path taken by Christian believers who follow God's will must face martyrdom, persecution, and being treated as less than human whenever they encounter difficulties in any country. How miserable must God have been, having to guide and stand by such people, defending and leading them?

Christianity has developed over 2,000 years of history and has created this vast system called the democratic world, but when we look at the current reality, it is in a state of decline, facing an insurmountable reality. Where will God's hard-earned wishes be placed?

When we think about it, the Christianity that God has expanded in this way, which has spread across the world, is now heading towards ruin without exception. The church itself, and the nations centered around the Christian ideology, are unable to find direction, denying God, denying Jesus, and denying God's will and providence, reaching a stage where they can say that God does not exist. Isn't that a shocking reality?

Then, who were all the conditions of sacrifice that God has endured until now for the sake of global development for? It is not for America, nor for Christianity; ultimately, it is for the sake of saving one person—myself. The sending of the Messiah and His crucifixion was not ultimately for the Messiah Himself but for my salvation. Extending this further, the idea of the Second Coming, expanding the system of new Christianity horizontally, and leading it to a global scale until the end, whose history of the development of Christianity is it? It is for me. The conclusion ultimately leads back to me.

So, when we see that the democratic world today is in such a state of decline, whose responsibility is it that it has come to this? It is the fault of humanity. Who represents those humans? I am the representative! This is the conclusion.

If a representative person comes out and takes on that responsibility… unless I, myself, recognize God's internal affairs and say, "I will fulfill the responsibilities of this era. I will clear all the debts owed to God through history as a human being and become someone who can repay the good before God," there is no way to elevate such confused and fallen humanity today. That is how I see it.

Since I represent the whole, I must not be in debt.
From today's perspective, believing in Jesus or you believing in the Unification Church is, of course, for my own salvation. That is undeniable. What does it mean for my own salvation? It does not mean that I abandon all my circumstances and pull myself out to be saved. Why? Because the intention of God, who wants to save me, is to extract me from among historical humanity, and to recreate me among humanity. I am a part of that, not a negated, isolated individual. I am a subject in relation to the whole, not a negative subject, and I cannot claim to be an independent entity with nothing.

Therefore, the concept of 'I' is not the 'I' that was born today as the son of Kim so-and-so and exists under that name. It is about discovering the 'I' that must assert itself from a comprehensive, holistic, and subjective standpoint, accompanied by history and providence. Unless one perceives oneself as a representative of the whole, there will be no way to repay the emotional debts, the debts of suffering, and the debts of pain that you have borne in the internal historical era.

Then, who were the saints and sages of the historical era until now? They were individuals who, while being part of the nation, stood in a position to represent the state, thus becoming patriots. How do great people differ from saints? What is a saint? It is 'I' who represents humanity! Those who have this awareness and, under that goal, invest their entire lives, saying, "I will invest more. I will invest more," become great saints.

Why is that? Because God is like that. God has invested and invested throughout the historical era, but is preparing a direction for further investment. The more a person is a saint, the more they will not only invest their own life but also say they will invest their followers, and if there is a nation, they will invest that nation as well. If they possess such a national character, they are a great nation. God will need that nation. If there is a religion like that, it will be a religion that God absolutely needs. This is how I see it.

Was there a nation with such awareness? No, there was not. Was there a religion with such awareness? All religions have entered to save only themselves, negating everything around them, standing in isolation, and trying to find a connection to life… If that were to happen and they found life, what would happen? Would they just dangle there and go as they are? If they were to rejoice in that, they would be denying all the sins and connections of their ancestors throughout the historical era. If that happens, they become someone who denies their own fundamental self. That cannot be.

Therefore, what you need to understand is how to realize the awareness of 'I' as a representative of the whole. When you stand as a person representing your family, that person representing the family must not be someone who is in debt to the family. They must be someone who should bring in what they owe to the family. That is how it is. A representative who represents the family must invest something before the family. Such a person must be the center. Why? Because they represent the family and do the work of God. They stand in the same position as God, and since the center of the universe is God, they are set as the center of the family.

If there is a tribe, to be able to say that I represent that tribe from a subjective standpoint, I must invest something before that tribe. When this happens, one can become the central existence of that tribe. It is not about being indebted to the tribe, nor about being invested in; it is about leaving something behind, about what to invest. When this happens, they will undoubtedly become the center of that tribe. Why do they become the center? Because if God exists, He cannot fulfill His will without establishing such a person as the center. History is made that way.

When repaying debts, one must repay with more.
From this perspective, when looking at the Unification Church today, saying "I am a member of the Unification Church" is a serious statement. What kind of church is the Unification Church? Is it a church that aims to follow, or a church that aims to be a subject? If it is a church that stands first to represent God's providence and fulfill His will, the more it is a church, the more solid its subjectivity must be. If a teacher guiding the Unification Church says, "I am the one guiding the Unification Church," then they must not be indebted to the Unification Church. They must say, "I must invest something. I must dedicate my life to invest." Then they will undoubtedly be qualified as the center of the Unification Church. Why? Because they resemble God; because God is like that. They will become someone who has the qualification to be indebted.

If I am a person leading a nation, I must invest tirelessly for the people of that nation from a subjective standpoint. Such a person is a patriot. From this perspective, we must evaluate the sovereign of that nation. They invest not only their own life but also their family, and they stand in a position to return honor and glory before God, always looking to realize public ideals, and if there is a sovereign who can humbly say, "I will invest more as someone who is always in debt," then they are a righteous person. We must be able to see from this perspective.

So why must it be this way? History is inherited as it flows. Everyone, isn't a river like that? No matter how big the water flowing from the valley is, it must flow as it has come, and if there is a high hill, it must go over it, and if there is a valley, it must flow through it. It flows as it inherits.

In the same way, who is the source of the source? It is not humanity; it is God. What kind of person can flow as God has flowed? What God needs is someone who has determined their subjective awareness. Otherwise… even when repaying debts, repay from a subjective standpoint! Responsibly, not because someone told me to repay, but because I owe it, I must repay. Repayment is not about setting aside to repay. Repayment must be done with more. When one repays with more, they can even govern those who owe them. They can govern those who owe them. In the past, they were dignified, but if they repay everything and give even a penny more to them, they will be bound to me. This is the result that is established.

From this perspective, when we look at this relationship, if we think about social relative relationships or flat corresponding relationships, the subjective perspective is astonishing. The subjective perspective cannot be absolutely occupied by anyone. No one can occupy it. Why? Because there is no one who can dominate God, who comes out with a subjective perspective. No matter how much evil exists, it cannot govern that. Moreover, it cannot touch this. It will undoubtedly be completed, and it will undoubtedly come forth. No one can complain about this, and no one can interfere with this.

To be a representative, one must have an impact.
From this perspective, if we analyze you once more, how were you born? Think about your ancestors. "Ah! How am I now? If I had been like this, I would have succeeded in this society, and if I had been like that, it would have been enough. I am not ashamed of anyone." You might think that, but when you consider the historical era you have gone through, were all your ancestors sages? There are all kinds of ancestors, right? If we look at the paternal line, it may be good, but if we look at the maternal line, all sorts of characters are mixed in. Isn't that so? Now, they may appear decently, but if you dig behind that, it is all a mess, all kinds of odds and ends are connected. Even so, would you cut that off and boast about it? Would you want to wear that and boast? Think about it. It is still tied until you cut it off.

Also, when it comes to the Republic of Korea, do I stand alone? When it comes to the Republic of Korea, if there are 35 million people in South Korea, then I am one among those 35 million citizens. Can I do whatever I want because I am alone? Absolutely not. If I make a mistake abroad, the Republic of Korea could be sold out.

Our Yejin is currently attending the Master School in New York. This is a girls' school, and it seems that a Korean person has just entered that school for the first time since it was established. So, they might think, "What kind of person is a Korean? I have heard bad things about Korea until now; what kind of place is Korea?" Where will they try to find out? They cannot. It will be through our Yejin. "That is a Korean." They will say. This is how she represents Korea.

So I tell her, "Your actions represent Korea. Therefore, it is your responsibility to shine the history of Korea in every aspect. Knowing that, study diligently." Our Yejin is someone who does not want to lose to anyone. If she loses, she cannot sleep at night. She has a personality like that of a teacher. She is someone who cannot sleep at night. With that, after a year, when looking at the report card, the teacher praised her. Can one achieve that in a year? They see that and say, "Ah! Koreans are smart! Wow! Koreans are diligent! They are different from Westerners." They cannot help but be different. (Laughter) It becomes like that.

Then, will I become someone who has cut off all Koreans, someone who has discarded all historical eras, or will I become someone who represents Koreans, someone who represents historical ancestors? What do you want? Answer me. What do you want? Anyone who wants to be just 'I' alone should be eliminated. Anyone who wants that is worse than a dog. Isn’t that so? You must have the ambition to want something greater.

Therefore, if your ancestors were a little good, you boast, "Ah, our ancestor is Park Hyeokgeose or whatever…." Why do you boast? Why? What does your ancestor have to do with you? When you go abroad from the Republic of Korea, what do you have to boast about? These days, Reverend Moon is being criticized in the Republic of Korea, but among the expatriates, what do they have to boast about? "Reverend Moon!" They say. These people! I said, "Until the day before yesterday, they were opposing him, and now they say he is something to boast about? They are having a good laugh!"

To represent something, to represent the prestige of your own boundaries, to build a fence and want to climb up with something high at the center of that fence, that is the heart of a greedy person thicker than your own land. Isn’t that so? I think so. I don’t know if you feel the same way. The desire to stand as a representative is in the heart of a person. Women are the same, right? It is like that.

From that perspective, do I want to represent only the Republic of Korea, or do I want to represent the 4 billion people of humanity? What do you want to represent? The answer is 4 billion… Actually, can you represent them? The answer is given, but "Well…." is what they say. To represent means to have an impact. You must give. To represent 4 billion, you must be able to give more than you receive. Otherwise, it will flow away if you cannot give more.

One cannot enter heaven while being in debt.
From this perspective, one can see that individuals like Jesus had an astonishing life and grasped the vision of life philosophy. Why? Because while dying, He said to His enemies, "Father, forgive them." This is truly remarkable. This one phrase can encompass God's heart, which can forgive sinful humans hundreds of times, filled with hope for God's future. It is an amazing statement. That one phrase allowed God to say, "Indeed, you are my son." Thus, it is not despair but hope! Let us run towards the future! I may die, but my descendants must not retreat! I may die, but you must go! His teaching is this.

From this perspective, He is someone who kept all the subjective connections alone.
When I say "history," I mean a person who tried not to incur debt during the historical era. You must understand that those who have gone on without wanting to incur debt, even if they were given loans, are the sages of history. No matter how miserable their circumstances were, or how much they were at the mercy of fate, those who overcame their environment and did not wish to incur debt are the ones who have shaped history. 

Why do such people become historical figures? If God exists, it is because God is such a being, and those who wish to resemble God must be preserved. This is why such people inevitably become historical figures. Do you understand? "Yes." Is that right or wrong? "That's right." If it's right, do you want to become like that, or not? Where are the men? Is that so? "Yes." Don't talk about others; think about yourself...

When you ask what South Koreans like, they say, "They like relief supplies." How do you feel when you hear that? "Bad." How bad is it? In Korean proverbs, what do they say about a nobleman's child who freezes to death? "Doesn't warm himself by the fire!" That's it. They don't warm themselves by the fire. They should die with gratitude; if they die with resentment, what does that mean? It means they have failed, even in death.

Now, is there anyone who has incurred debt and is still proud? "I have incurred this much debt. You all should be like me!" Have you ever seen a proud debtor? No matter how educated they are, if they are in debt, they can't move. Even someone who hasn't graduated from elementary school would say, "Doctor, what about my debt?" If there's no answer, they'd say, "Oh, I'm sorry." They would look sideways with their glasses perched on their nose... Right? A debtor's words have no value. However, if they are not in debt, they can say, "Hey, you should do well!" and be proud. They can assert their authority as a doctor.

Looking at this, have the members of the Unification Church incurred debt to the Unification Church, or have they been made to incur debt? When you think about it, what do you think? There is nothing to be indebted for, right? It's true. You may have attended the Unification Church a little, but what debt is there? Would you even call that a debt? It's the same as any other church. How about it? Because of your faith in the Unification Church, have you experienced a deficit or a surplus in your life? "A surplus." A surplus? If there is a surplus, who is it because of? "Because of the Father!" It's because of the Unification Church. The Father has already passed several stages. Yet, if you answer like that, that's a failing. If there is a surplus, it is because of the Unification Church.

Then, did that surplus come because you are good, or because the Unification Church is good? It is because the Unification Church is good. So, who is responsible for the surplus? It is because of the Unification Church. Saying that the surplus is because of the Unification Church means that you have incurred debt to the Unification Church. Isn't that right? So, have you incurred debt to the Unification Church? "Yes." Really? "Yes." If you clearly understand that you have incurred debt, that's enough. You have undoubtedly incurred debt.

Everyone, look at heaven. Those who come with debt cannot enter. What kind of place is heaven? Those who are in debt cannot enter. Those who come with debts can enter. It's simple, right? The content is simple. Who enters heaven? It's not university professors or some pastors; even the leader of the Unification Church cannot enter. If you go with debt, you will be caught. You cannot go without fulfilling your responsibilities and duties. You will be caught.

Sister Jang, have you incurred debt or not? "I have incurred debt. A lot." So, when will you repay that debt? 

As the subject nation of the Unification Church, I came to Korea today to say this, even though I didn't want to. No matter how much I think about it, I feel I must say it, even if it is unpleasant to hear. And if you look closely, Korea is the subject nation... A subject nation that thinks it can be a subject nation while being in debt is a foolish one. To be a subject means to be able to give for the sake of others. Right? That is the principle. Knowing that this is the principle, the members of the Unification Church in Korea should stand on the position that "We will not incur debt before the world." Do the members of the Unification Church in Korea want to incur debt, or not? Where are you? Answer me. Do you want to incur debt or not? "We do not want to incur debt." You do not want to incur debt, but when you inevitably incur debt, what should you do? "You must repay it." How many times? When it becomes unavoidable, you must repay it multiplied, and you must think this way.

When the teacher comes to Korea, everyone comes and says, "There is no church. Please provide a church." When did I say you incurred debt? You are being bold. Then you come and say, "I need this much money." That takes a lot of guts. Now, I don't know if this is Gimpo or Geumpo in Korea. When I come down here, oh my... Oh, I run down. I run down.

If you have incurred debt to the teacher, you must now repay that debt, right? Are you going to incur more debt, or are you going to repay it? "We must repay." Are you going to repay? How much effort have you made to repay? You must make more effort than the one who incurred the debt. The debtor must work harder than the creditor. The creditor can sleep, but the debtor cannot sleep. The creditor can eat, but the debtor cannot eat. That's how it should be. Right? That's how it should be.

The members of the Unification Church say, "Ah! Our teacher rides in a car, and since I am a department head, I can't work without a car." But I want to cut off their legs... To get to this point, to buy a car, I have gone through 30 years of history, and I ride in a car from a position of dignity. This is not something that a cripple or a bear-like person can do. Did that happen? Did it happen? "No." If I walk with a limp, it would be better for you. There is a person who has the generosity to walk. It's not that I dislike it. This is someone who doesn't even know themselves... If you think like that, you will meet God sitting in the palace and say, "Since I have the title of being a son of God, God, I will go up to the throne. Please recognize me." Do you think that will work?

You must repay your debts. You must repay your debts. If I am a citizen of the Republic of Korea, I do not think of incurring debt even in my dreams. I do not think of incurring debt to this country, even in my dreams. I do not think of incurring debt to anyone. I know this. In my life, if there were any times in prison or any such moments, I remember those events, and I have never forgotten them. I have thought, "I will repay this in my lifetime!" and I have never failed to repay. If that person is no longer around, I have repaid through others many times over. I do not want to leave a grave with debt behind when I die; that is the philosophy of my life. That is my view of life. God also dislikes those who incur debt.

Now, look. The established churches have been opposing the Unification Church and its leader for the past 30 years. If I were to act according to my character... I will not yield to anything, no matter how much pressure is applied. If I wanted to, I could find a way to ruin them. I am a stubborn person, but knowing God has led me to this point. Among half-men, there is no one like this half-man, and I often feel a sense of shame that cannot be named. However, I cannot just cut them off... If I did, the whole world would collapse... This world! Whether I stay still or move, it is the same...

For 30 years, I have been opposed... If it were only in Korea, that would be one thing, but they have followed me all the way to America... After all, a mad dog will bark until it dies. It barks at its owner without knowing who its owner is, so that is a mad dog. So, bark! However, one thing I know is that if the established churches bark at me, if they bark wrongly, they will incur debt to me! They will have to pay compensation! On the day they pay compensation, they will have to kneel before God in heaven! I know that.

Look. I will not incur debt to the Republic of Korea, I will not incur debt to the Unification Church, and I will not incur debt to anyone, anywhere! That is for sure! I will not owe anyone, even in my sleepless nights, and I will not owe anyone in any aspect of my life. I will absolutely not incur debt, and I will not incur debt. This has been my philosophy of life until now.

Now, what do you like about your parents? You are indebted to your parents. It is good to be indebted to them until you grow up. Once you grow up, you must repay that debt. If you cannot repay it, even on their birthday, you should shed tears and say, "Mother and Father, you worked hard all your life to raise me, and although I cannot prepare a grand feast for you, please accept this." Even if it is just one chicken, that is good. Even if it is just one herring, that is good. If you remember this with tears and ask for forgiveness, those parents will bless you even more. They are people who are not indebted in their hearts. Isn't that so? You must understand this.

Then, when you look at the current situation in the Republic of Korea, it is the same this year. At the UN General Assembly, North Korea has sent dozens of delegations, and they are working day and night centered around the ambassadors of each country. Meanwhile, the Republic of Korea is just sitting here, not knowing whether it is day or night.

Now, I have not taken responsibility for the entire Republic of Korea, so how can I handle this? Should I give up or not? I must take on global responsibilities, and if I have even one penny, I should use it to save the world. Should I be doing this for the Republic of Korea? Last year, I took full responsibility. I did it with dignity. As a citizen of this country, I have done everything I can for this country. Even if some ancestors were to appear before me, I could confidently say that I have fulfilled my responsibilities to the Republic of Korea. I have also fulfilled my responsibilities to the Republic of Korea as the Unification Church itself. This is how I see it. I have done everything. I have not incurred debt to the Republic of Korea. I have not incurred debt to any institutions in Korea. I have not incurred even one penny of debt. Rather, I have done things that can influence the Republic of Korea.

Now, even in America, they are saying this and that about the Unification Church, but "I, Moon, am not someone who has come to incur debt to the American people. I have not come to make you indebted. If you abandon me, your descendants will have to settle the score." That is the fight I am engaged in. Even if I collapse here, I will hold onto this principle, and on the day I collapse on this American land, the American people must bow their heads.

So, do not incur debt. God also dislikes those who incur debt. Do you like those who are in debt? Ah! If that person is handsome and the world's number one good-looking man but has a lot of debt, would any woman want to marry him?

If you incur debt, you must repay it. 

When you reflect on the 6,000 years of God's restoration providence and the process of cultural history, how much has God worked to leave us with the hope of a true day? How much have you tried to become a worthwhile person who can repay that debt before Him, even if just for one year, or even for ten years?

Today, looking at the history of the Unification Church, we have gone through a history of blood and tears, but I stand here representing the whole and embracing the entirety of the Unification Church. Have I ever thought, even once, that I would repay the debt I owe to the Unification Church, even if it means sacrificing myself? Everyone has just enjoyed watching, and when it could benefit them, they were quick to calculate. They are foolish people... In the past, loyal subjects and patriots were all foolish people. They are foolish people. There are no quick-thinking mathematicians.

This time is the same. This time, while sending missionaries from America, Germany, and Japan to 130 countries, the people of Korea are left out! When I think about this, "Ah! The Korean people are very fortunate!" They are fortunate, right? Are they fortunate? Are they fortunate, or is misfortune coming? Answer me. Are they fortunate? Is fortune coming, or is misfortune coming? "Misfortune is coming." Misfortune is coming.

When you think about this, why can't the Korean people be sent to various countries? The national position is different from those countries. They are in a difficult position. That difficult position is a matter for the Republic of Korea, but it does not hold up before God. So, what should you do? You have incurred debt to them. Originally, the headquarters of the Unification Church should have been the one to pioneer the world, yet those who have not gone through suffering have taken the lead; this is the shame of the members of the Unification Church in Korea. This is incurring debt. The only reason I can stand in front of you is that I can pray, "God! Please forgive the Republic of Korea through me." Such prayers are possible. You must understand this.

So, now you are in Korea. "Ah! If the foreign Unification Churches develop, everything will be... Now, the headquarters in Yeouido will be built because the teacher will bring a bundle of gold from abroad and build everything. Oh, that's great!" You feel good about that, right? They will build it somehow, but when they do, the people of Korea must repay their debts. That is why they are being used as servants. There is no other way. There is no other way, is there? Those who sit at high desks and give orders cannot be you; you must be those who receive orders and repay your debts as servants. That is the way I think. Anyone who says that is wrong has a flawed way of thinking. Is it glorious for the headquarters to be established in the Republic of Korea? It may be glorious for the world, but it cannot be glorious for the Republic of Korea itself.

Moreover, being a teacher of the Unification Church is very difficult. I shouldn't be saying this, but... Every place I go is a fight. There is not a single day of peace. Reports coming from all sides are just stories of conflict, 24 hours a day. Does that feel good? What about this and that... Good reports are... They are all in terrible shape. Even if there is a good report, I have to handle it here. Yet, I cannot just discard it...

If I did not know God, I could not do this. It would be worse than not doing it at all. Because I know that God is such a being, I have survived until now, and I am a tough man, a tough man. I have remained a tough man. Why? Because God has fought tenaciously.

Look again. You must absolutely establish a church centered on 120 people to establish the dignity of a subject nation. Yet, even when you go out to evangelize, you cannot establish even one church...
I have… the time has come, but this is a bunch of beggars, and it’s a disgrace, a complete disgrace. This disgrace is not just yours. It is the disgrace of Korea and the disgrace of the teachers born in Korea. This cannot continue, but there’s nothing we can do about it. 

Look. This time, they are saying to build churches all at once, all 165 locations, including the county seat, and they are distributing money, so everyone is trying to get even a penny more, arguing about land prices and whatnot. I was astounded. What kind of money is that… If you receive it without value, you are selling out the nation. That’s how I see it. If you receive it without value, you are selling out the nation and your descendants. The seeds were sown in Korea, but the harvest is reaped elsewhere, and they are farming abundantly there. This land will become barren. You all need to understand that.

Through my activities, through my ideology, I want to leave something behind. Each company’s president should leave something for that company, and as an employee, you should leave something as an employee. Those who are in debt are unnecessary. They are parasites of the Unification Church. They must be removed. This is unnecessary before God’s will. What is a filial son? A filial son is someone who appreciates what he owes his parents and vows to repay it tenfold or a hundredfold. Isn’t a loyal subject someone who, regarding his nation or king, vows to repay tenfold or a hundredfold, giving his all? 

Being a sage is no different. Even if one has not incurred a debt to humanity, he leaves behind a debt and strives to leave blessings for all humanity, whether recognized or not, living a life of gratitude. That is a sage. Those are the kinds of people who can move history and become the center of the times. Why must it be so? Because God exists, and God has a responsibility to protect such people, so those people become the center. Therefore, when you return today, think about it.

If you make a promise, you must keep it, even if it leads to ruin. I owe a debt to my parents. More so, I owe a debt to my mother. I have helped countless people, but I have not even been able to buy my mother a single piece of clothing. Yet I do not think of it as being in debt to my mother. Instead, I will do for all people what I could not do for my mother, and I will do it before God… Because of my mother’s debt, when all people are able to honor and God is able to honor, that mother will be able to receive blessings as a condition of the benefits she never received from her son. You must understand that.

God’s public justice does not change. No matter how murky the world becomes or how lost the direction of history may be, the laws of God’s justice flow without losing direction, even from deep within. You must understand that. It is simple. What will you leave behind? What will you leave as a debt? You need to know this…

A debt… When you face someone, isn’t it so? If you are grateful for even a word, you say, “Thank you,” right? That is all part of repaying debts. If you give someone a glass of water in summer, you say, “Thank you,” right? You honor them? That is all part of repaying debts. It’s all a game of repaying debts, all of it. Saying you won’t incur debt is just a game to avoid incurring debt. All manners and gifts are the same. Even if you set conditions, living by the law of remission to avoid incurring debt is the essence of life that you cannot deny.

Yes, until now, I have never prayed, “Oh! I need money, please give me money.” I find that trivial, so I have never prayed that way. I have prayed for people, but not for money… When you pray for people, money just comes. If there are people, money will come.

I have had three slogans until now. One is about faith… When I stand before God, I must believe what the world cannot believe! There is nothing I cannot believe when centered on God! If there is a command from God to even sacrifice my parents, I will practice that! How great must be the circumstances of God giving such commands that transcend human morality? If that can become a condition for the salvation of the world, then I must do it. Even if it leaves a name of unfilial conduct in history… But before God, isn’t that not unfilial? Give me the most unbelievable command, God! What did I pray for next? A faith like Peter’s, a faith greater than Peter’s…

What comes next? Wisdom! Without having a clear subjectivity in judgment, one cannot be a leader. Grant me wisdom greater than that of Solomon!

And what comes next? Love! I must love in a way that Jesus could not! Therefore, transcending nations, when I manifest love, there will be no one who does not look to me. Everyone will be drawn to me by that love. Since the end times are a period when love is dry, love is needed above all to initiate a new movement in that world.

These three things are what I have prayed for until now. As I prayed for them, I realized that they have all come to fruition. I have become someone who can perform acts that are always unbelievable. Do you understand what I mean? I am not someone who plays the game of believing. That’s why the people of the world already say, “Reverend Moon cannot be trusted.” I have become someone who cannot be trusted. That is not a bad meaning. I have become someone who can perform acts shrouded in strange mysteries.

I have also established principles on how to handle personnel matters as a person in charge. I have moved according to principles that no one can oppose. Regarding love as well… Americans and Germans regarding me… This time, an international revival group came from 25 countries, and when I entered the Haeundae Far East Hotel, all the hotel managers and staff were saying, “About 600 foreign people are coming, oh! Reverend Moon of the Unification Church has come.” They stood outside the glass windows and watched… Seeing that atmosphere, it felt like a dream.

They thought the Unification Church was here to train them, but they brought people who would become Reverend Moon’s arms and legs, willing to die if necessary. When did they all become like that? Even if you research it, you wouldn’t know. What did they create? They became that way themselves. Why? Because of God’s love. That’s why, when I give a command, I can receive reports on all the secrets of the parents in that household, and if I were a tyrant, I could wield all kinds of power. Why? Because those people love me.

If I say this to you, I don’t know. Do you love me? “Yes.” How much? How much do you love me? Why do you love me? Is it because food comes out? That’s how it is. When I see that, I know it is not for my own greed. When I pray, “Give me food, give me knowledge, give me power,” that is trivial. I do not pray that way. This is an important issue that must remain as the center of history in the eternal historical era. If you have faith, you must have loyalty. You must have loyalty. If you make a promise, you must keep it, even if it leads to ruin. “Oh! I made a promise, but I don’t want to fail.” That is… Heaven does not work that way. If you make a promise, you must gladly endure it.

In the same way, you must set your own goals. The fact that I have set such a goal means I must not incur debt. I must not incur debt before God, and I must not incur debt before God’s will, so I prayed for this important issue to resolve it.

Let’s strive not to incur debt. 

So, what is a good person? In terms of a university professor, it is a professor who teaches with a heart full of tears while receiving a meager salary. He will become an excellent professor. Why? Because he is not in a position to incur debt; he is in a position to repay debts. So, it is something that remains. This is how it is seen. When parents are struggling financially and cannot provide materially for their children, but with tears and love flowing from their bones and marrow, they prioritize their children above anyone else, that child is indebted to that mother more than anyone else. 

Children who understand this… In fact, filial piety does not come from wealthy families. You can see that many filial children come from poor families. Because the mother has passed down such a tradition, when the children inherit that tradition and strive not to incur debt to their mother, that mother feels the worth of having raised her child.

It is the same. For the Republic of Korea to prosper, its citizens must vow to be indebted to the Republic of Korea… There is no need for citizens who expect free products, donations, or anything else. If there are citizens who can say they will incur debt to their nation, that nation will prosper.

Then what will happen to the Unification Church? For the members of the Unification Church to dominate the world, even if they are in any department of the world, they must have the conviction that they will not incur debt, that they will repay debts. When that conviction can transcend any environment and scope in the world, the Unification Church will earn the respect of the world. It will become the center.

Why is that? Just as God has held the authority of being the center of the universe until now, even if it may not appear so, it will stand as a result of not losing its central position. This is the principle of human society, the core of God’s providence. Therefore, I have spoken to you in the hope that you will become those who do not incur debt and those who relieve debts.

<Prayer> Father! This child standing here has realized that there is no way to repay the historical heartache with all the sheep. The only way to comfort your heart, which has suffered greatly, is to repay that debt with a heart full of sincerity. I have been engaged in this struggle for over 30 years.

However, I am not yet tired. Why? Because there is still a way for me to repay my debts. I know I must do so for my nation and for the world. Furthermore, I have a responsibility to repay the debts of countless spirits in the spiritual world, so I must live a life that cannot rest day or night toward that one goal. When I go to any country, I sometimes feel ashamed when I look at the mountains and rivers of that country.

In the same way, I hope to expand the emotional connection on this land, establishing a heartfelt connection with the world, and become a group that repays debts, not one that incurs debts, alongside the brothers of the world and all people. When I can say that I will carry the debts of others and repay them, I know that person will surely become a figure who remains in the history of that nation.

That is why, although the Unification Church is pitiful and lacking, I have seen that in April 1975, 360 people from 130 countries resolved to carry your will and turn toward the world. Now, as they prepare to embark on a journey to unfamiliar places, I see that they are free and do not worry, trusting only in Heaven. I have realized that no matter how much the Unification Church may be said to fail, it cannot fail.

Thus, if I can repay the debts I owe on behalf of countless people in the world and leave something behind before you on behalf of my nation, I know how great the contribution of the Unification Church to human history will be. It is not for the Unification Church to be blessed because of its contributions, but rather as a connection to liberate humanity, I earnestly hope and wish that you will bless it.

Father! I have come again to the land of Korea. Please protect the few days ahead, where I must face fierce battles. I have no desire to elevate the name of anyone here. However, because I know the internal circumstances in which you suffered, I cannot help but stand before this nation, knowing that when I am trampled, your name is being trampled. Please allow me to express my historical sorrow and the circumstances I carry before you as I move forward.

Now, when I look at this nation, I see that it has become a nation that wanders aimlessly on the path of the setting sun, rather than a nation that can look upon the bright morning sun. Father, I earnestly hope and wish that you will protect the path of this nation. I hope that the hearts of foreign youths who care for this country will arise, filled with a heartfelt desire for the nation, for humanity, and for your will.

Moreover, the members of the Unification Church have already realized that it is not good to believe in the Unification Church, nor is it good to follow the Unification Church, but it is good to walk the path of the Unification Church. Therefore, please allow them to take that path. If they can live their lives with tears day and night, saying they will not incur debts but will relieve debts, even if their lives may seem pitiful, they are not pitiful people. While that individual may have lived a pitiful life, I know that the legacy they leave behind and the ideological aspects they carry will surely move history. I earnestly hope and wish that you will protect them so that it can be so.

I know that the children of unity scattered throughout the world are praying for this land of Korea. I know they are praying for the teacher to come back victorious. That victory is not just the teacher’s victory; it is the victory of the Republic of Korea and the victory of God. I entrust the path to you, so please guide us as entrusted, and even if there are difficult paths, I pledge to fulfill my responsibilities on that day with gratitude, so I earnestly hope and wish that you will protect us.

May the feelings they have upon entering this land from abroad become a source of pride on the eternal journey of life.
Heavenly Father, I earnestly ask and wish that the standard of hope may be expanded to a higher dimension, so that this can develop into a mandatory hope, a practical and responsible hope. I sincerely request that You establish this connection.

Please protect the remaining days in love, and now, at this moment, I ask that we resolve not to be indebted to You, and that we may become groups that can be the expectation of a new tomorrow's hope before You. I earnestly request this, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

Reflection and Tomorrow
<Prayer> Today is April 1st, the first day of April. We have already passed a quarter of the year 1975. After going through various events, we have come to know that the Unification Church has made its name known to the world. From now on, this April, especially today, is recognized as a new historical origin in Korea.

The International Task Force, consisting of 660 members, has already set foot on this land and is currently attacking Busan. Heavenly Father, please bless us, for today marks the beginning of a historic new celebration on this Korean Peninsula. Father, please be with us. May You take hold of the hearts of all who hear our news, moving their hearts to examine the new historical direction and connect the spirit of the nation's future with new intentions, allowing them to become good and righteous people.

Father! Please be with us today and tomorrow, and I earnestly hope that You will personally oversee all the struggles beginning in eight cities nationwide, including Daegu and Seoul.

As we reflect on the many historical providences, and on the path of suffering that You have taken regarding the Unification Church, may we, with all our sincerity, engage in the battle for victory, thereby expanding the foundation of Your glory on this April 1st, 1971, at the Headquarters Church.

* This message is also published in <Words> No. 177 (issued on October 10, 1975).

I earnestly hope and wish that this may become a holy period. Please be with us in all the events that unfold this month. I sincerely hope that the Father of glory, mercy, and love will always be our center and guide us daily.

This morning, I earnestly ask that You treat us with a good heart, and I offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

<Words> As you know, our Unification Church has passed through about 20 years of history centered around 1954. Reflecting on my own journey from the beginning of the providence, I realize it has been 30 years. From this perspective, the standard of hope that God desired through our Unification Church and the path that our Unification Church and I have walked in the past are significant matters in the sight of God's will.

The Position and Mission of the Unification Church
Even if this were merely an issue confined to the Unification Church, it would still be a problem. However, if the Unification Church stands as a representative of the providence, it becomes even more so. Considering not only the providential limitations but also the connection of nations and world peoples centered around the providence, we cannot help but assume that the position and mission of the Unification Church thus far is of global and historical significance.

From this perspective, we know that during the period the Unification Church has walked, there have been many historical transformations, that is, many changes in the history of the world. Moreover, centered around 1960, as world historians have said, we have entered an era of transformation. In the past 15 years, how much has the world changed? There have been many changes in nations, cultures, and ethical directions, among various forms of transformation. However, these changes have not been centered around any particular direction or purpose, resulting in a chaotic reality that we must face.

In this context, the Unification Church must not hide itself amidst such historical transformations; rather, it must break through and fulfill the role of a bridge as desired by the providence. Furthermore, the members of the Unification Church must lay down bridges amidst this chaos. Shouldn't those bridges be strong?

When you think of 'San Francisco,' you think of the Golden Gate Bridge, which is so vast and magnificent that it meets the standards of American civilization. Our Unification Church must lay down such a historical bridge. When we consider what kind of bridge we have laid, we must ask whether we have laid such a magnificent bridge. Wasn't the period one where we were too busy managing the Unification Church itself?

Now, although 20 years have passed for the Unification Church, can we say that within those 20 years, we have represented the shining culture of this nation or the Korean Peninsula? Have we laid the foundation to play the role of a bridge that can connect to a new world?

When we think about whether that foundation can withstand any force that may come against it, we cannot say that we have established such a foundation. We can only say that we have the form of the Unification Church, but we have not presented any substantial content that is national, ethnic, Asian, or global. This is a matter we must reflect on once again.

As we reflect on the several decades of history we have gone through, is there not a considerable difference between the standard that God desires and the standard we currently find ourselves in? This difference is indeed a fact, whether it arose from the mistakes of the nation or our own mistakes.

Then, who should bear the responsibility? Of course, we must bear it. While we bear it, the nation must also bear it, but surely God must bear it as well. From this perspective, this is not merely a matter for the Unification Church to bear responsibility for; the nation must bear responsibility through the Unification Church, and God must also bear responsibility centered around the nation.

When we see that the nation is in a position of not being able to take responsibility, and our church is also in a position of not being able to take responsibility, we must ask what position God finds Himself in. God cannot help but be drawn into a position of not being able to take responsibility. If we conclude this, we must consider whether God has been dealing with the Unification Church with a joyful heart or with a sorrowful heart. This is because God cannot be in a position to take responsibility that is joyful, hopeful, or praiseworthy, and thus, He has always had to support us during this period of responsible actions that bring sorrow.

How much have I contributed to building the bridge?
Now, since we are talking about 'Reflection and Tomorrow,' what will happen from now on? In the past, we have not taken responsibility! We must acknowledge this. Our Unification Church has not taken responsibility, and the Korean people have not taken responsibility. The lack of responsibility does not merely refer to our one generation; the 'I' represents history, and thus it is a comprehensive entity realized through historical connections.

Since the Unification Church has a vast purpose and contains the content of providence, it means that I have come to assist that purpose, carrying a historical responsibility. In that, I will represent my ancestors, or in that era, I will represent my tribe, and broadly, I have come to fulfill a part of representing the nation. This is undoubtedly true.

So, what has that 'I' truly contributed? As you reflect on the past 10 or 20 years, what have you left behind in the Unification Church? This is the question. If you are to build a bridge, you need vast materials and resources to do so, and the question is who has provided those materials.

As you reflect on the past 20 years in the Unification Church, how much responsibility have you taken in laying that bridge? If God has connected you to the Unification Church to bless the descendants through the merits of your ancestors, how much have you contributed to fulfilling the mission that the Unification Church holds? When viewed from this perspective, you might say you have contributed by following along. However, that is not sufficient. Contribution must mean that you add something to the Unification Church while being part of it. You must be a pillar of a corner or a plate of a side, and to become a strong bridge that maintains balance, you must possess something that no one else can touch, something that only you can hold.

Therefore, when you evaluate yourselves, that evaluation cannot be of a certain individual. You must be in a position to be evaluated based on the value of the results left behind. You must have conditions that allow you to be evaluated against the overall standard.

If there is a large machine, even the smallest part of that machine is crucial; without it, no matter how big the machine is, it loses its life. It loses its ability and function. Although small, the value of that part is such that it can match the whole in its function. If you play the role of a providential bridge in the Unification Church, you must hold an indispensable and important position in the existence of that bridge, and you must possess a relative value that matches the entire bridge when viewed from the perspective of yourselves. In this regard, what do you possess that can be said to be so? This is a serious question, and as we enter this April with a nationwide event, we cannot help but think about this issue once again.

The Mission and Position of the Members of the Unification Church in the Host Country
Upon returning to Korea, I heard that you have been preparing to welcome the International Task Force, but have you truly prepared? Do you genuinely possess a heart that corresponds to the position of those who fight daily with their responsibilities, or are you merely spectators standing in a third-party position?

Moreover, regarding the International Task Force, the established churches are in an uproar. They say, 'We must oppose this at all costs.' They are making all sorts of efforts to protect their denominations, holding meetings late into the night to oppose this, yet many of those who are making such efforts are in a position where they cannot even invest the time and enthusiasm that those who are opposing them are putting in. If that is the case, then they cannot be called members of the Unification Church, in my view.

The International Task Force has come from the United States, through Japan, to Korea. Why is this operation happening? Because the providential flow has led to this. Since it is the era of restoration, everything that the Teacher stirred up in America must come through Japan to Korea. Without connecting the spiritual world of the global Israel, the second Christian Israel, to the physical third national Israel, the third national Israel cannot develop into a third global Israel.

Thus, this is an inevitable conclusion in the providence and a historical necessity. Moreover, they are coming to resolve the content of historical facts, yet can the host country fully receive and digest all of this, adding to it and flying out again, without being consumed by the forces that have returned? This is the mission of the homeland, yet if those who have come here become stagnant rather than leap forward, it will inevitably lead to a tragic outcome before God, who has been sorrowful. This is the current situation.

Therefore, we must reflect on ourselves in such a position today. Is reflection not necessary? Have we done well or poorly? This is a question you must consider. Then, each of you, in your own respective positions, must have a heart that goes beyond being a member of the International Task Force. As a Korean people, as citizens of the host country, or as members of the Unification Church in the host country, you must never incur debt before them.

You must be able to match the capabilities of the International Task Force.
Now, from this perspective, you may think, 'What we have been doing at the headquarters is enough!' But can that be sufficient in the face of the national mission and in the sight of God? Perhaps if there are no other relative conditions, but when it comes to the 'International Task Force,' it is a struggle that brings tears of blood. You cannot even imagine it.

The 300 members I brought from America, aside from New York, have the capability to fill any large meeting venue in the major cities of America. These are people who have broken records by bringing three people each day during their stay in Japan, competing with Japanese members, showing that the Japanese members were no match for them. Out of 100, 98 of the Westerners passed, leaving a remarkable record of defeat for the Japanese members, who thought they were the best in the Unification Church.

This was a good example of awakening.
Now, having come to Korea with such results, they worked in Japan to come to Korea. They thought, 'How will Korea be? It has a deeper history and should be better in every aspect.' However, they are not coming to see the external aspects. They must show how deeply committed they are in their faith and how tenacious they are, revealing qualities that can be respected in various aspects to uphold the dignity of the host nation.
Well, how about you all? Eating and passing time, going to church... 
Think about it. Do you consider what the church is doing, what the current providence is, what God's will is, and what kind of transitional period this era is in? Think quietly about yourselves, without evaluating others... 
This is a significant judgment period for you all; that's how I see it. You are truly at the point of the final battle, a decisive time that you cannot avoid. You must engage in a battle for your own protection rather than for God's victory. That is the first stage you must overcome. Only after overcoming that can you establish a face to say you are doing something for God or for the church, but isn't it difficult to even overcome your own self? You cannot expect anything from these people. It is a valid conclusion to draw. How about it?
Yes, it's the same for you. The teacher is an expert in that regard... 
How does Heaven treat these people? Does it treat them with expectation? Does God have the expectation of being able to bear their burdens? I don't know if God has the expectation of wanting to bear their burdens, but I can’t imagine that God can have the expectation of saying, "Let's go!" So, you guys, right? Think quietly about it.
That's why the will came out of Korea... It's not because you are so great that this will has developed this much. It's because of the relentless teacher... If the Unification Church has remained and developed this much, it's because of the teacher... Where would the Unification Church be if the teacher hadn't been there?
Do not conclude from God to humanity itself.
If you look at it from that perspective, centering on the teacher and yourselves, if you are still like children, you may not know, but if you are like children, you have the responsibility to nurture hope for the future. However, even with the label of being the parent nation, when these people, who have been abroad for less than a year, stand in a position where they are messing up in front of the truly young members, who would sympathize with that? Do you think God would sympathize and praise, "Ah! Koreans are good"? Do you think He would say, "Ah! You are fulfilling your mission in the providential historical era"? Not at all.
Therefore, from that perspective, you will fall into a position where you cannot have any interest. What happens then? Whose responsibility is that? It is your responsibility. It is your responsibility, but whose responsibility is it? It is the headquarters' responsibility, the responsibility of the leaders from the headquarters, and the responsibility of the ministers scattered throughout the nation; this is the conclusion that comes out.
That’s why originally, the teacher's plan was that by April of this year, each person should build one church centered around 120 people. The teacher said from the era of pioneering evangelism in 1957 that each person should build one church throughout the nation centered around 120 people. If you look at it centered on the will of restoration providence, if each person represents their tribe, then they must fulfill that much responsibility. If individuals have the ability to build a house but groups that can represent their tribe cannot build even one church, then such a tribe cannot survive. I see that there can be no expectation or hope in that.
You must grind your bones and sell them to create it. That is what God sees as the purpose that the principle aims for, yet how many people have achieved that task, risking life and death, in front of that standard of work? 
Reflection and Tomorrow
People say they work in the Unification Church nationwide, and they have done this and that, and they have played around with district leader games, but what have they done? What have they done? They are all messing around... Saying they can’t do it because it’s hard... Such words cannot be spoken in front of the teacher.
Then how much sincerity have you put in? How much have you looked around in all directions, shedding tears, standing in a position to replace God, who cannot establish the will of restoration providence in this world, and fulfilling your responsibility as a son or daughter who can represent God? If you did, there would surely be a fire ignited there.
The starting point begins from Heaven. It started under the name of God's will, under the name of God's heart, under the name of God's providence, but it has ended up concluding in humanity itself. I have entered before the will, but it is sorrowful! Why? Because I am not treated well, and someone has ended up like this and someone else like that... It is a position where you should be evaluating yourself, yet you can point out the mistakes of others and the third party, but you cannot point out your own failures before the will; you have become such a decadent human being. Who would sympathize with that? Do you think God would sympathize? Not at all. The teacher himself cannot sympathize.
It will be like that in the future. If I have a lot of money and so on, anyone can come and reach out their hand and say, "Help me!" "Why? You little rascal!" "I have worked for 10 or 20 years in the Unification Church..." "What have you done?" and then they would be speechless. In front of the path the Unification Church is taking, in front of this sacred will, when looking at the mission value, you should be a leaf that must shine and a branch that must shine, but have you become such a leaf? Have you become such a branch? Have you done anything that can help the tree or the roots? You little rascal! "There is none of that, but my colleagues who came in with me did this for me, so I should do this for them too?" There is nothing that can be said like that.
Pray while putting practice first.
If you come to the headquarters here in Cheongpyeong, wondering if the teacher is here, what is the reason for your visit? What is the reason? You come to gain some benefit through the teacher... What does that mean? It means you are going to cause loss to the teacher. Why do you call God, "God!"? Because you pray to receive blessings by believing in God... Then what happens to God? If He shares the blessings He has, He suffers loss. You are praying in a position to cause loss to God, calling upon Him; this is the position you are in, not praying to add blessings before God.
That’s why in my opinion, you should stop praying. Don’t pray without practice. Don’t lie down and pray; go out and evangelize. Even if you come in with something, even if you are begging, you should make a good begging bowl, and if you can get a good bowl, and if the owner’s face is good, and if the setting is shining like a feast day or a birthday, it would be good to take the good food the owner gives and eat it once. If you get it that way, that is fitting. But if you bring in filth...
So, do you have a heart for the International Task Force? At this moment, when this nation is in a miserable fate and is floundering, at a time when it should present direction, can you have the autonomy to say that you must go in this direction and can you welcome the International Task Force with a sense of urgency about the will? Then, shouldn’t I skip a meal or save even a penny to say, "Use this for the International Task Force!" and donate even a little money? Where does the money come from? Is the teacher the one making the money? You should feel the responsibility to take them to your home and feed them for more than a week or a month, and you should have the heart to pray and shed tears while facing them. If you hear rumors that the International Task Force is coming, you should gather every penny and offer at least a thousand won, at least ten thousand won, with tears before God.
They have done all sorts of things to come here. From putting all their savings into it... The Japanese are doing all sorts of things to support the International Task Force in Korea. The Americans are also doing all sorts of things to support it. But what about Korea? The beggars, those beggar groups, do not even receive sympathy from the world, nor does Heaven sympathize with them.
Do you hope for the teacher to come? If the teacher comes, what will you do? Asking the teacher to come is to make the teacher work hard for you... Oh! We have spent all the money, and since we have no money, we need to make up for it, so please come, teacher? Such groups cannot survive. Therefore, giving the church to such groups, establishing 162 churches, is not because there is a lot of money to invest; it is because I am a man who knows the principles thoroughly. If you build a church but cannot fill it with members, I will mobilize thousands of the International Task Force. I will gather men and women and send all the district leaders, ministers, and church leaders away. Where to? To the factories... Even if you don’t have the strength, I will fill this with my strength; that is the teacher's thought.
But what will they all do when they come? They will teach English morning and night. They will teach English for free... Because everyone wants to learn conversational English... Even if they can’t, I will gather people above the level of university graduates and educate them for about three years, and then provide formal education there to connect this nation again. You may not think like that, but I am thinking like that. Why? Because I was born in the Republic of Korea... The irresponsible Unification Church group that is caught up in the decadent ideological trends of reality is not what the teacher desires. There is much to say. "Well, others may be like that, but I..." Is there anyone who would think, "The teacher's words are for me, not for others?" If there is, that person is a holy person.
The Stage of Restoration
From this perspective, look at today. This month of April... Yes, that’s right. The teacher has come here again... This time, he came directly without stopping in Japan. Why did he come directly? Because the providence is like that. After going through this three-year course, by the end of April, we must connect everything to Korea's fortune and create a foundation of new hope to present Korea on the world stage again.
Look. Currently, missionaries have been sent to 130 foreign places; they have been sent from Japan, from the United States, from Germany, but who is going out from Korea? What about the teacher? That is your own misery. You are already a supplementary soldier on the battlefield. Supplementary soldiers, right? "Oh, I might die if I go out, so being a supplementary soldier is good." That is a doomed nation. A nation with such a mindset is a doomed nation. People with such a mindset cannot inherit the fortunes of any organization, nation, or the world.
So now, I must be cautious about economically investing in Korea. Why? Because it makes those who cannot take responsibility even worse. Centering around various issues, you must truly reflect coldly. Is that not truly who you are? When viewed with conscience, in speaking about God's heart, how many hours have you thought about God's heart, how many hours have you prayed, and how much effort and tears have you shed to pass through that heart world?
Everyone, in this time, if you look at it from the perspective of the will of restoration providence, this time is the era of substantial restoration. It is the era of passing through the substance. Therefore, to do that... Now what? It is symbolic, it is substantial, and it is the era of reality. The symbolic era refers to the Old Testament, the substantial era refers to the New Testament, and the era of reality refers to the present time. And the symbolic era speaks of material, the substantial era speaks of the body, and the era of reality speaks of the heart, the heart. An unchanging heart, an eternal heart, a heart that can eternally attach God's love. Only then can one stand in the objective realm centered on God.
However, if this is the heart, that is, the heart is separate from the body, and the material is separate, then it is. When the fall occurred, material, body, heart, and mind all fell at once, so in the restoration era, everything must be offered before God. Is that how it is? It is all about wanting to receive blessings...
You cannot receive material just like that. To receive that material, you must go through the foundation of Cain and Abel. Centered on the foundation of Cain and Abel, unless I create the position of the parents myself, I cannot restore it without having three sons. If one thinks they can just offer their own donations, they will be stuck in the middle. They cannot return before God.
Since we have gone through three eras, if we do not go through this foundation of Cain and Abel, if Cain and Abel do not become one, we cannot reach the position of the parents. The fall occurred at the position of the parents, so to reach the position of the parents, we must completely unite Cain and Abel. To completely unite them... Just as this earthly world must go through three stages to reach the center, it cannot come to the center without going through the three sons. That is how it is.
Therefore, for Jesus, the three main disciples were a problem, and today in the Unification Church, if we cannot establish three children of faith, we cannot bless them, originally. Only after laying that foundation can the whole become one, and after completely uniting with the parents and the expectations of the son-in-law, it becomes the stage of material, where we must take the material and stand in the position of children to offer it before God. To do that, what is the difficult problem? It is the issue of blood lineage transformation. Because we have received the polluted blood of Satan, we must cleanse the blood of Satan.
To inherit before God, one must fulfill the responsibility of a son who can inherit. Then the place of blessing, the place of marriage, is the place of becoming one with one’s own children, the place of becoming one with one’s own partner, and the place where one can inherit everything before God along with the emotional turning point. That is the path of restoration. Those who think, "That principle is necessary for the teacher, but is it necessary for us?"... That is why ignorant people always become dropouts. Those who are intoxicated with ignorance will become losers, will perish, and will fall into hell. Wasn't the fall initiated from ignorance? The Israelites killed Jesus out of ignorance. Ignorance leads directly to hell.
Therefore, God has been working tirelessly from the historical era to establish the three sons from Adam to the Second Adam and the Third Adam for the sake of the restoration providence; you must replace that fierce historical struggle of God's restoration providence today in a flat manner! Each of you has that duty remaining.
And then it comes down to money, money. And then you must struggle to make a living. The teacher began making money from the first half of 1972. Of course, it was planned in the 70s, but the actual start was like that. You must lay the family foundation and then proceed. So, in a short time, I have laid this kind of foundation as it is today... That is how it is. It is all principled.
Alright! From that perspective, when can you inherit before God? To inherit, you must fulfill the responsibilities of a son who can inherit. Moreover, God has a sorrowful heart regarding those who cannot believe, and there must be something that surpasses Adam and Eve, something that can touch God's heart and present a value that exceeds God's will. "Isn't it the teaching of the Principle that the value of the restoration providence, which has gone through the indemnity course centered on the meaning of the Principle, must unfold in the reality?" You must pledge such conditions. Therefore, "In this position, can I not stand with a standard of value equal to Your will?" You must say, "Please bless me!"

The same goes for those in the headquarters. As I mentioned the other day, people who are in debt are disliked by God and everyone else. Master Moon dislikes them, and you yourselves dislike them too. Thus, we members of the Unification Church must be thorough in that perspective. Do not depend on others wherever you go. How pathetic must a person be to live by relying on others? If someone slyly manipulates and earns ten million won, do you think, "Oh! Well done"? Absolutely not. That ten million won can take away all the blessings in one's life. Therefore, do not expect anything for free. The teacher does not expect anything for free. Now! It is time to reflect. You should have already reflected; it is late to think otherwise.

The Unification Church in America works tirelessly day and night. Now! You see, the international mobilization teams are all abroad, including in America. Currently, the responsibility for one person engaged in economic activities in America is to earn $120 a day after completely deducting expenses. Earn $120 a day! Earn $3,600 a month! This sounds like a dream. At first, it seems like picking stars from the sky, but what are those stars? This is the training we are undergoing. So, what does that mean? You must invest effort. You must invest time. The solution lies there. How much time do you invest? How much sincerity and effort do you invest? If an ordinary person earns $30 a day, invest four times that! There is no forgiveness in that. You must do four times the mental effort! You must do four times the physical effort! So, there is no time to talk. You must connect. Just by looking at someone, you can immediately tell if they are living well or not. The human spirit is that powerful, and this training is currently underway, but it is not about sitting around and discussing what the teacher is like or anything like that.

It has become a significant issue in American society. Where does that Reverend Moon get the money to spend? Where does the money come from? I did not steal. I have worked tirelessly to provide them with such stimulation and shock. I have no time for twelve o'clock, two o'clock, or three o'clock. There is no morning, and I do not have a set time for meals. If I skip breakfast, I have lunch; if I skip lunch, I have a meal at midnight. Who has set the time for breakfast? Who has set the time to eat three meals? I did not set that, so I do not want to conform to those standards. Who has determined that one must earn a certain amount a day? We must break records! This is what we are doing. Therefore, one person's ultimate plan is to break through $12,000 a month. Breaking through $10,000 has been done many times. It is abundant. That line is still there… this will not last for three years… it will not last that long.

Everyone, the money earned in a place where life is given is at risk if we rely on others; you will all be dragged away, and the gifts that your ancestors have paved the way for will disappear. So, you must do the same. If you cannot keep up with this path, you will fall behind. That is why you are being left out. This is the training we are undergoing.

The plan for this year is to mobilize 1,200 people in America. So, we are conducting a training program for 120 days. How long is the period? If it is three days, seven days, then it is ten days; if it is ten days, twenty-one days, then it is a month. If we do forty days in a month, that makes seventy days, and if we do 120 days in seventy days, how much is that? It corresponds to six months; we must create an educational system that corresponds to six months. We must close our eyes and sacrifice. After all, we must build a river and dig a hole, and we must jump over it. If not, I will not use it.

So, this time, I hurriedly went to America to create a training center to educate. I have gathered about 900 people. They are undergoing a 120-day training. These people go through training periods of 21 days, 40 days. They are all undergoing lecture training, then evangelism training, and then economic activity training. In places like New York, there are 24-hour lectures. People can choose to listen or not, but we must convey from morning! When we did it in cold regions during winter, they cried and complained… that was indeed exciting and impressive. So, we conduct 24-hour lectures! At that time, there was a stir in society. They said we were making noise when there were no people… Even if we make noise, you can sleep comfortably, but we cannot. This is how we are training. Therefore, there is no exam, but we cannot avoid studying. We must carry books and memorize them. So, whether it is victory lectures or whatnot, we must memorize the essence.

Now! The Korean Principle Research Association has been around for 20 years? Those people are just sniffing. They are being trained so that they cannot move. They cannot move. If you look at those people now, 87% are college graduates. It is hard to graduate from college in America. To read vast books and write papers, one must have the ability to extract the essence. So, they extract the essence of the Principle book within a week. They have the ability to set up their own lectures. You must push them in and out. To manage the world, there is no other way. You must squeeze them, create a formula, and say, "You all do it this way!"

So, I recently swept away all the old members… and then declared, "All centralization systems are abolished! Throw away the headquarters and everything else! I am the headquarters!" If you place responsibility on a person, if you give them responsibility, they will only take the good people to make themselves comfortable and will not do anything themselves. That is why I called the president of the American Association six months ago and said, "You brat! Don't you know how to drive? Who told you to hire a driver? You brat!"

From now on, everyone in the headquarters must learn to drive! Those who cannot drive will never be given a car. So, learn! The headquarters pays the driver’s salary and also provides gasoline… Who earns the money? "The teacher earns it." That house will collapse. Where did that money come from in Korea? Did it come from abroad? So, they are nothing but vampires sucking the blood of foreign members. I do not want to play such games.

I am not the Reverend Moon who wants to make people like you and promote the Unification Church. I am the Reverend Moon who wants to create people who can manage the world. So, since you cannot do it, I must create that and give you shame. You must be shamed. If the owner cannot take responsibility and cannot establish the authority of the owner, they will inevitably have to beg even from the servants. "Hey! Help me out!" What else can you do?

So, in fact, this time, I plan to gather the international mobilization teams and place them all in the homes of Korean members… They are to live in those homes. If there are members from the headquarters, I was going to assign them all to one person. If they eat, they eat; if they sleep, they sleep. If they stay at a charcoal briquette store, you all must sleep there! I was going to do that, but those brats! They all signed contracts for hotels without me even telling them. I wanted to give them a second education to stimulate them to think about their future economically. I wanted to stimulate them to reflect on their national perspective, but…

God does not like those who are doomed; He does not like those who are doomed. Master Moon does not like them either. They must perish; such things must perish. Think about it. "Oh! I am a blessed man of the holy Unification Church!" You cannot just have that name. Just because I am a university professor… that kind of professor will be spat on by students when they step onto the podium and will be chased away. They are like a cotton ball soaked in gasoline, ready to ignite with a match, and yet they say, "I am a professor." Do you want to brag about being in a position where you could catch fire? That is foolish.

Therefore, all of you in the Unification Church need to reflect, without exception. It is already too late to reflect. How is it? Do you understand what the teacher is saying? Those who have been here for a long time… when the teacher appears, they think, "We have been here for a long time…" The other day, the grandmothers said, "Oh, our grandmothers should go greet first…" Holy grandmothers… these grandmothers! Are they grandmothers who care for the Unification Church, grandmothers who care for God, grandmothers who care for the members of the Unification Church? They are grandmothers who only care for themselves, right? If it is cold, they complain about the cold; if the church does something good, they praise it; if they do not do something good, they complain. These are grandmothers who know how to complain when given something; such grandmothers should die quickly.

Those who do not need to reflect will inherit tomorrow. Even if the teacher grows old and dies, I will not play such games. I would rather dig a hole myself, set the dynamite, bury it, and die than play such trivial games. I do not say that I will rely on you. I am not someone who thinks about relying on the country even if the country knows the will. I will pave this path from start to finish without relying on anyone. That is the teacher's philosophy of life. That is my outlook on life.

What if a woman brings her child and says, "Oh, teacher, my daughter is like this and that…" but I tell her to stop. I did not teach that. What responsibility did you fulfill to bring your children and complain about this and that? This time, if those brats come, let them show up! Just because you are a mother or a father, if you show up, that is it! If you have taken responsibility, you are now an adult. This is the situation where you are asking for rice cakes at a banquet, wondering if you will get some or not. I really dislike that. I have many older sisters, and I have seen many banquets. In that neighborhood, there are some people I dislike the most, and they come to get rice cakes, and I heard the sound of rice cakes being made last night. Those brats! Just seeing them makes me angry. There are a few who are like uncles to me. Whenever they appear at our house, I dislike them the most. What is an uncle? An uncle should maintain some dignity and play the role of an uncle; what is this? Taste it a bit! Even when I was eight years old, I kicked them out, saying, "You brat, do not even come in! I do not want to see such people! Even the dog at our doorstep is disliked. It does not bark." I chased them away. I really dislike such things.

The teacher can tell at a glance. You must clearly understand that. Are you members of the Unification Church? Are you or are you not? If you are members of the Unification Church, you must be like God and like the teacher. The answer is simple. What kind of being is God? God is a being who does not rely on others. God does not reflect on heavenly matters. There is no need for reflection. There is no need to reflect because He has done it 100%. I have done it all.

The teacher has done everything in executing plans in America. If it does not work out, it cannot be helped. It will perish gracefully. I am not someone who tries to avoid that. If one's capacity is that, then hoping for more is greed. I have done everything. I have done everything.

Since I came to Korea this time, I thought I should look around all the institutions, and time is busy, so the other day, when I was going to Incheon, I woke up at four… If I am going to go up and down all the factories, I should wear an overcoat, but I went without one and caught a cold, and I did not tell anyone, but… I do not feel sorry for catching a cold. I catch colds well. I do not think I went for nothing. The cold is at fault; I am not at fault! Of course, it was because I did not take an overcoat… I have that kind of mindset.

As soon as I came in, I forgot all about food, forgot about clothes, and just lay down like the character '지' and slept, and oh, that feels good. I hope to live like that, but what about you? Since our teacher rides in a car, I should ride in a car too! What about the teacher…? Stop talking like that. If that is the case, I will sell everything, including Lincoln. I will build a little shack on the beach and live there. If I say I will do it, I will do it. So, do as I do! If you do it wrong, you will perish, so you must reflect. Live a life where reflection is unnecessary.

Therefore, reflect every day! Those who can welcome tomorrow are not those who reflect. That is how I see it. Those who can inherit the will of tomorrow are not those who need to reflect. They must be those who do not need to reflect to inherit. From there, hope will arise for the nation, and from there, revival will occur, and from there, new progress will unfold. Those who need to reflect cannot inherit the will, cannot inherit tomorrow; you must understand this.

Reflect from a position of completion. Recently, the teacher, Reverend Moon, has become very famous. This time, everywhere I went, people asked for my signature, which was quite bothersome. I cannot hide either. I thought America was vast, but wherever I go, people know me. Everyone is curious, "What will you do now? What will you do this year?" They are curious. I cause problems wherever I go. What will I do? When I said I would buy the Empire State Building, it became a problem, asking, "When will you buy it? What is the plan?" What do they need to know? I know. If I buy it, what will happen to the Americans? The issue is not what will happen to the white people, but what will happen to God's will. I have no shame regarding America.

Therefore, I intend to manage that country. I am not indebted to America. I did it for America, so you are indebted, and I did it for America, but I am not indebted, so I will move.
must be dealt with, and I must take responsibility. I am undoubtedly someone who can become the master. This is it. The way of thinking is different. So, it seems that God is very pleased when I take risks. God will also be pleased. In fact, when you take risks, it is reasonable to help. Helping out in various ways... it is something that can be helped.

Now! Knowing that, what about the headquarters... In the future, when you go to find foreign missionaries and say, "I came from the headquarters!" do you have the confidence to say that? Recently, I saw people saying, "I came from the headquarters! I am the president of a company. I am an executive. I did this and that." But everyone needs to think about that. The problem is that skills are needed, and results are needed. Did the head of the cultural department not come this time? He has been the head of the cultural department for 20 years, but now he has become an encyclopedia, and he said he is disappointed, so I told him, "Hey, don't say anything." This time, looking back (referring to the world tour), what can he say! When it comes to the history of the Unification Church, he is the best... Even if he writes, he knows the details the best. So, when he goes and talks, will he talk about himself? Will Cultural Department Head Yoo Kwang-ryeol sniffle and introduce himself? (Laughter) In fact, introducing the history of the Unification Church shines more than introducing any individual. When he introduced it, it was like all the big and small ones were stuck together like rice cakes and red beans... That’s how it is. He probably realized how precious it is for the first time. He was told to compile the history, and although he couldn't fulfill that responsibility, he now understands how great it is. (Laughs) If he had fulfilled that responsibility, how great would it have been? In a position of reflection...

Everyone, you need to know that. That's why there is nothing special. Boasting about yourselves is of no use at all. No matter how much you say you came from the headquarters, what are you boasting about? Are you boasting about the history of the Unification Church? How much has the mother country of the Unification Church, Korea, contributed to its development? It should be at least as much as a rabbit's tail; without that, there is nothing to show for it. There must be something to assert. You need to lay the foundation to assert yourself, but do you dislike that? Then, go bankrupt, go bankrupt! You should go bankrupt quickly. That needs to die. Is there anything special about that? To boast about the Unification Church, what is your relationship with the Unification Church teachers and the history of the Unification Church? This is it. You need to know that... What time is it? I need to prepare to go to Busan again.

Now! Have you reflected, or will you reflect? What is it? Have you done all the reflections? What is it? It has to be one of the three. "I reflect." Is that better, or "I have reflected." Is that better, or "I will reflect." Is that better? Yes, saying "I have reflected" is a revival? If you look at reflection, is that revival, growth, or completion? Completion! "I reflect." What is that? Growth! "I will reflect." is revival! So, what is it? If you look at it that way, it is clear. What is it? Is it revival, growth, or completion? What about Elder Jang? Since it’s been a long time, he should be going to the spirit world, and when he gets there, if asked, "Did you fulfill your responsibilities?" will he answer, "I am in revival"? Heaven is for those who do not need reflection. You should be able to boast, boast. "I am like this. If I had a little more time, I would have done this, but why did God take me quickly?" At that time, God should say, "Ha ha ha! I took you because I needed you more than that." That should be it. What about Elder Jang? Is he in revival, growth, or completion? Can he not even be in revival? "I am working day and night." If he is working day and night, what is he doing? If he keeps failing, what is he doing? Is there no need for reflection, or what is it? You need to critically evaluate this, critically.

The environment of the Unification Church has matured.
Now, the restoration process has entered a serious time, and the teacher is serious. This time, bringing Guk-jin... Guk-jin means "country" (국), so I need to bring one, and also, Kwon-jin has now become a U.S. citizen. Therefore, I need to connect all of these, and there is a heavenly purpose behind it... But when I mention Japan, that is... So, I looked for a way to fly directly, and luckily, there is a flight from Hawaii to Korea... That’s when our Unification Church's KAL (Korean Air) flights started. While taking the flight, I was coughing, and I caught a cold from New York... As the air pressure changes, I was coughing like that for five hours from New York to Los Angeles... I couldn't even put it down, so I thought, "Oh well!" and brought him along.

Now! That is all because the teacher is not just playing around. Now, it is all about taking control of history and the world; it is truly about building bridges. You need to know that. So, when the international mobile unit comes, the country must be prepared, and the household must be prepared to welcome them. Who needs to welcome them? The master needs to welcome them. Yes, I am the master. Therefore, the country must be prepared, and the household must be prepared, so I had no choice but to bring Guk-jin. This way, before the international mobile unit arrives, I went all the way to Busan to welcome them. That represented Korea. Korea is establishing its prestige, even if the people of this country do not know.

In fact, I didn't even want to give a lecture this time. This pitiful Korea, a Korea that should be punished, but I went to America and made all the arrangements, and I am thinking of stopping by every province in Korea this time. If it goes through revival, growth, and completion, it will all go through. At first, the teacher said, "I will only do Jangchung Gymnasium," and then people asked why we weren't doing it... But I said, "I am busy!" That’s how it goes. For example, if I only do Jangchung Gymnasium, the provinces will say, "Why are you only doing it in Seoul? Why not in our province?" Now, the question is what will happen. If I do Busan, Daegu, and Daejeon, and leave out Jeolla-do and Chungcheong-do, and leave out the small cities, it will be said that "Teacher Moon of the Unification Church does not treat us as people." That’s how it will be. How much trouble will the Chungcheong-do and Jeolla-do groups cause? The Chungcheong-do group will not forget for 10, 20, or even 50 years and will grumble. So, I had no choice but to think, "Oh, I must go around all eight provinces!"

Now! Then Korea will be good. On the other hand, the established churches in Korea should oppose from now on! On the day they oppose, the people will not stay still. It will enter a time like that. Just wait and see. When you go to the neighborhood, the Unification Church will be welcomed. Why will they welcome you? "If you want to send your sons and daughters to study in America, be friendly with our Unification Church! If you want to send them to study in France or Germany, be friendly with our Unification Church!" That’s what I said, and that is the truth. In the past, they didn't believe it. But this time, when the international mobile unit goes to any house and makes a big noise, it will mature. After that, they will go out to evangelize and say it is good to be friendly with the Unification Church. "If you have a son you want to send to study in France, believe in our Unification Church. If you want to send him to study in America, believe in the Unification Church." That’s how it will be. Why? Because the Unification Church has a global foundation, it can carry hundreds of people at once, and this time the joint wedding ceremony has already made headlines. The Unification Church can easily charter a jumbo jet, so how could they not send your son to study... They will hear it.

And then, with the global event promotional materials, I will keep carrying movie films around saying, "Come watch the movie!" The rural people love to see things so much that even if they have to walk 50 or 70 miles, they gather. I don’t know if that’s true, but I heard that from local people. Is that so? If you are not from the countryside, you wouldn’t know. Such people who love to see things, being like distant cousins, will love it. If there is something good to see, they won’t care if their nose falls off or if there are holes in their feet. With that, I will have all the good materials... In the future, I will do that. 

What am I trying to create a company for in America? I will buy all the old movie films in America! That can be bought for any amount. If I pay a few hundred dollars, I can buy everything. What will I do with that? I will distribute it to 130 countries. Right? If I fly around and show it, when will the people in Africa, who have gone to the highest mountains, ever get to see it? There will be many amazing things to see. I am thinking like that. Also, if Korea wants, I might send a few over. People who love free things... (Laughter)

So, even if there are many places with movie films, it is the Unification Church! The Unification Church is number one! That’s what I want to do. How many thousands of wheels do I have? How many tens of thousands of wheels do I have? That can be bought in bulk. If I buy everything, I will be number one. I know I can also promote it. So, if you want to watch a movie, just take the film from the warehouse and play it. You can watch whatever you want, and just by saying "fire" or "water," you can make it exciting. You like to see things, right? If you really like it, I might make you do that. That was a joke.

Leave behind that which does not need reflection.
Now! It is time to reflect. To reflect, you must turn back. To reflect, you must turn back, right? If you turn back stiffly, it will break, so I am joking. So, understand that and honestly reflect on yourselves. Pray before God. You cannot deceive yourself, right? Can you deceive yourself? You cannot deceive yourself, right? "Yes." You know yourself well. No matter how much others insult you, you know yourself well. You know what kind of person you are. That is certain. If people like me are Unification Church members, and if Unification Church members can be evaluated based on that standard, then they can also conclude that there are not many people in the Unification Church who will go to heaven. Even if there are many members of the Unification Church, the teacher does not want that number.

So, from now on, anyone who has not received the 120-day training will not be treated as a regular member of the Unification Church. From now on, we must unify the world. Those who do not do this will never receive blessings... It must truly be systematized. When I organize all of this and put my signature on it, this system will remain forever. I must put a mark on it and sign it. In the future, no one should be able to touch this system for it to last forever. We must not create a church that can be manipulated at will. We must create such a system. Therefore, by the 1980s, we will create this system no matter what. Until the third seven-year course... Now, since it is a guerrilla warfare era, we have no choice but to run around the world, but when the third seven-year course ends, what will the teacher do? I will reorganize all the principles, and all publications from the Unification Church will be reorganized... Everything must be organized. That’s why do not publish carelessly. Why? Because my head is noisy. Do you understand? Whether to make the principle book with extensive content or simple content, I must touch everything. Then the teacher must prepare to leave. It is not to live in this world for a thousand or ten thousand years. I am busy.

So, in 15 years, I will be 70. Isn’t that so? I know that if I do not organize everything inside and out during these 15 years, there is a heavenly mission left. That is why I have the responsibility to create the Unification Church system. You may find it comfortable because of your age, but the teacher is pushing forward with such plans.

That is why you, as those who have reflected, must leave behind that which does not need reflection! Only then will tomorrow be related to you! Do you understand? "Yes." What kind of person will I be tomorrow? If a person who is not like that goes to tomorrow, they will become waste and a source of confusion. That is why I have discerned all the old people recently. If I assign this responsibility to this person at this time, this will happen... I am self-organizing. I am organizing the Unification Church. The teacher is not just passing time.

You need to know that, and you must leave behind that which does not need reflection to face the nation! The fate of that nation will welcome you. Before God's providence, you must strive to leave behind that which does not need reflection. If not, God will have compassion and say, "Because I recognize your hard work and effort, you do not need to reflect." You can receive such recognition. Therefore, those who do not need reflection and have desires and hopes for tomorrow are likely to become thieves. They are likely to become destructive elements. You must understand that.

<Prayer> Beloved Father! We have entered April 1975. When I think that the suffocating second seven-year course is coming to an end this April, Father, I have prepared a new system in America, and now it is the time to prepare for the new third seven-year course in Japan.

Now, the boundary line of the fight we must face before you can appear on this earth. The whole world is now in a deep pit, and a group that cannot be found is breaking through its foundation and is now becoming a peak, and that peak is growing into a mountain, a high mountain, and it is a time when it can raise its head and reveal its posture on the plain. When I think that the Unification Church will be like this in the global realm, I truly appreciate how much you have worked.

Now, when I shout from one place, in the past, it was a sad time when I asked to be saved, but now we are entering a new awakening era where we can say, "Follow us," and I sincerely hope that each of us will not forget this time and be able to fulfill this mission with all our love.

We are no longer those who are always in the shade, but now we are advancing into a time when we can stand in the high mountain area before the bright heavens and earth and cry out to the world through the trumpet sound or through broadcasting. Father, from now on, I sincerely hope that the Unification Church will have joyful hopes instead of sad hopes.

The third seven-year course must plan vast things that can be revealed on a flat surface and influence the world, and I know that I am in a position to do so, so I sincerely hope that you will be with me.

As I once again pledge my loyalty to the remaining purpose, we deeply repent and reflect on what we have lacked in the past, not only regretting but also this miserable self...
I am not today’s self, but rather a hopeful self for tomorrow, standing before my father, receiving the inheritance rights to become the light of all things, to be a vessel of blessing, so that through me, all people may be liberated and blessed. I earnestly ask and wish to become good ancestors, good pioneers, and good warriors of nation-building.

Today marks the beginning of April. In just a few hours, I will depart for Busan, so Father, please carry out Your plan. I do not wish to speak of my own desires. I have repented for the responsibilities I have failed to fulfill before You, placing my nation’s destiny in Your hands, and I have come to stand in a position where I must take responsibility for the future path of our nation.

Father! From now on, even if I dislike it, I cannot avoid the responsibility of a global struggle, and I know that even without money, I cannot refrain from economic involvement, realizing my own pitiful state. I know that You understand this very well, and even if I do not inform You of such circumstances, I believe that our work will not fail but will develop, thanks to Your grace.

What shall we leave behind for the two million citizens living in Busan through this Busan conference? It must be that the Unification Church is indispensable, and that without the wisdom of the Unification Church, this nation cannot be saved... Therefore, please allow us to present a direction to this nation, which is lost and confused, to live together with this country, with its people, and for this country and its people to live together with the world, so that this world can live together with You, Father. I earnestly ask and wish for blessings to help us find that clear and certain path.

The destiny of the Unification Church, which must run from Busan to Daegu and to Seoul... Since it began in Busan, let us reorganize this historical journey that has come up from Busan, ensuring that this group ascending from Busan fulfills its responsibilities, so that we may not be ashamed in the 1970s and fulfill our duties in the third seven-year course.

We must be faithful before the remaining world, and in front of the responsibilities entrusted to us, let us become those who submit and bring the remaining victory, allowing us to comfort You and lead the nation. I earnestly ask for this, and I present all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

**A New Future for Humanity**
— Words from the Hopeful Day Grand Assembly in Busan —

I am the person just introduced, Moon Sun-myung. I sincerely thank all of you, ladies and gentlemen, for gathering here this evening. I apologize for the unexpected arrival of international youth from various places, causing disturbances in Busan, which was already troubled. I understand that you may have been curious about who this Moon person is, the one responsible for these disturbances. I stand before you today, and though I may not be handsome, I would appreciate your kind evaluation. (Applause) Thank you.

The title I wish to discuss with you today is "A New Future for Humanity." I will speak on this topic.

**The Reality of Humanity in Chaos and the Path of New Hope**

Among the countless people living on this earth, we know that no one has ever pursued true, eternal love, ideals, happiness, and peace. However, in this changing reality, amidst the increasing chaos, we are confronted with the fact that humanity is suffocating in a dead-end, struggling to find the ideal conditions it seeks.

We have come to a time where we must acknowledge that if there exists an eternal, absolute, unique, and unchanging being beyond this changing human world, it is only through that being that we can find these hopeful conditions. If such a being exists, it must be God. Therefore, we believe that only through discovering a new understanding of God, different from what we have known until now, can we bring new hope to this suffocating world.

If God exists, He cannot help but desire true love. He must also desire true ideals, true peace, and true happiness. God is undoubtedly the King of Love, the King of Ideals, and the King of Peace and Happiness. Thus, the conditions of love, ideals, happiness, and peace that He demands must be sought by humanity in a way that aligns with His expectations, as there is no other way for a true world of love, happiness, and ideals to manifest in our human world.

Even if God exists, concepts like love, ideals, happiness, and hope cannot be established by God alone. These concepts can only exist in a relative context, meaning that regardless of how absolute God may be, to achieve His love, ideals, peace, and happiness, there must be a relative existence before Him. (Applause) Thank you.

So, if we ask what can exist as a relative counterpart to God in this universe, everyone would answer that it is humanity. Since God cannot accomplish His love, ideals, peace, and happiness by Himself, it can only be achieved through a relative existence, which is humanity. We have not yet realized that without humanity, God cannot fulfill His love, ideals, peace, and happiness.

Today, we must recognize that this existence called "I" is absolutely necessary for the fulfillment of God's ideals and love. I believe we must restore the inherent value of humanity.

To all of you present here this evening, many may think that humans can just live and die without purpose, but that is not the case. In fulfilling the ideals of the absolute creator who created the heavens and the earth, if each of you understands that you are absolutely necessary, then a more hopeful path will open in your lives. (Applause) Thank you.

**Humans Desiring a Superior Existence**

I would like to ask you one thing: when you were young, did you wish to find a partner who was inferior to you or one who was superior? The answer would be the same for everyone: a superior partner. This conclusion would hold true regardless of cultural background. Furthermore, when loving parents regard their children, no parent wishes for their child to be inferior.

When a beautiful couple has their first child, regardless of how the child's appearance may differ from theirs, if they praise the child by saying, "Your child is so wonderful, perhaps even more so than you," the parents' joy would be immense. No parent would say, "Can you say that in comparison to the father and mother?" 

Then, who do humans resemble in this regard? We cannot claim that humanity is a causal existence. We exist as a result of certain causes. Results cannot occur without a cause. Regardless of the circumstances, the outcome must correspond to the cause. When we think about this, we must recognize that humanity must resemble some cause. 

If we ask who that causal existence is, we conclude that it is God, and thus humanity has become what it is by resembling God.

If we pose this question to God, asking, "God, you created this universe and are omnipotent, but if you desire a counterpart, do you want one who is superior or inferior to you?" we can anticipate that God would respond, "Why ask? I would certainly desire a being superior to myself."

Moreover, if we were to ask God whether He wishes for His own child to be inferior, He would have to respond, "No, I desire my child to be superior." Through this conclusion, we reflect on the fact that humanity, standing in the position of a child, should desire God to be of greater value and higher than ourselves, a thought we have never considered before.

**Humanity as God's Eternal, Unchanging, Absolute, Unique Counterpart**

Today, established theologians say, "The Creator and the created cannot stand on equal ground." If that is true, then through whom will love be realized, and through whom will ideals, happiness, and peace be achieved? There cannot be a relationship without a counterpart.

Is the love spoken of in Christianity meant to exist without people? Is the kingdom that will be established upon the Lord's return meant to exclude humanity? Absolutely not. It is love and ideals that must be realized through God and humanity. Therefore, we must recognize equal value in the existence of children. This is undoubtedly a logical conclusion.

From this perspective, we have not realized that our inherent value as humans is astonishing, dignified, and authoritative. If God exists, we must engage in a movement to restore this inherent value. Furthermore, humanity must also strive to find this value. We cannot deny the historical pursuit of morality and ethics in this regard.

Taking a step further, if God is eternal, unchanging, absolute, and unique, would He think, "Ah, I only need you when I need something from you"? No, He cannot think that way. Because He loves, because He is ideal, because He is the subject of happiness and peace, the relationship must be absolute, eternal, and unchanging. Therefore, His counterpart must also be an absolute, eternal, and unchanging existence. We must understand this fact.

Even in our fallen human world, lovers refer to each other as "my eternal counterpart, my unique and unchanging one." Humans do not wish for change... The more ideal God is, the less He can change. From this perspective, if humanity can stand within the realm of God's love and ideals, then if God is eternal, humanity must also be eternal. Even if humanity stands in the position of a counterpart, if God is absolute, humanity must possess absolute value as a counterpart. Likewise, if God is unchanging, humanity must also be an unchanging existence from the standpoint of a counterpart. From this perspective, the fact that humanity must be eternal is theoretical.

Among those present, there may be some who do not believe in religion. However, if among you here this evening, there are those who recognize that if such facts are true, and if there is an eternal God, then as children of God, humanity must also be eternal, those individuals will surely experience significant transformations in their lives, and a new flame of hope will ignite. 

**Where to Place the Origin of True Love, Happiness, Peace, and Ideals**

Now, I believe it has been established that God is the subject and humanity is the object. Therefore, what God must consider in this subject-object relationship is where to start the criteria for true love, happiness, peace, and ideals. The origin of these must be a matter of concern for God, who is the King of Wisdom.

In other words, there are two paths: one where the subject, God, says to the object, "You exist for me," and another where God, as the subject, gives to the object. 

What God must consider is where to establish the unchanging origin that can fulfill ideal conditions. If God stands in the position of "You must exist solely for me," then every being that stands in a subjective position, modeled after God, will emphasize "You must exist for yourself." In this case, a unified world cannot be established. However, if we establish the principle that "I exist for the other," and that the subject exists for the object, then we can finally become one and establish all conditions for development.

Therefore, when God considers where to place the origin of ideal conditions, He cannot place humanity in a position where they exist solely for Him, which is why He must establish the principle that He exists for humanity as well. I understand this to be God's position.

True love does not exist to be served. The standards of true ideals, true happiness, and true peace do not exist to be served. They begin with the desire to serve. Therefore, true spouses, true parents, true siblings, and true patriots do not begin with self-centeredness but with self-investment. The creator itself is the investment.

**The Principle Established by God: "Exist to Serve"**

When we look at this principle, what kind of parent is a true parent? A true parent is one who believes they were born for their child, lives for their child, and dies for their child. When they stand in the position of having existed, lived, and died for their child, they are undoubtedly a true parent, a loving parent, an ideal parent, presenting the conditions of peace and happiness to their child.

Then, what kind of child is a true filial son? A true son is one who believes they were born for their parents, lives for their parents, and dies for their parents. When they come to the position of being born for their parents, living for their parents, and dying for their parents, investing all their intellect and life into that position...
find a true filial child. When we look at that filial child, he is the son of love, the filial child of love, the son who embodies the ideals that parents desire, and the place where he is met becomes the source of peace. The parents who meet him can become happy parents. In the creation of the universe, it is undeniable that the principle of existence was established to serve the ideal origin that beings must possess. (Applause) Thank you.

What kind of husband is a true husband? It is the same. A husband who says, "I was born for you, I will live for you, and I will die for you," is a true husband. A true wife is the same. "I was born for you, I live for you, and I will die for you!" If a family can possess the principle of transcending oneself while corresponding to each other, that family can finally be an ideal family, a family of love, a happy family, and a family of peace.

The fact that God established such heavenly principles is something that humanity today does not know. If you, who have gathered here this evening, wish to have a heart that longs for a world of ideals, love, happiness, and peace, then by taking the path that can change your direction, that world can be a possible world before you.

Until now, we have thought, "I study to succeed, and I was born because of myself." But that is not the case. There may be famous individuals here in Busan. They might think, "I have laid this foundation through such efforts, and as a proud member of society, I have no reason to bow my head to anyone!" But that is not all there is.

What is the original motive for a man’s birth and survival? A man was not born for himself. Even from a physiological perspective, a man is created to aim at a woman, and through a woman, he can fulfill the conditions to become one. That is what a man is. In other words, he was born because of a woman. Saying this may please women and upset men, but in any case, we can conclude that a man was born because of a woman.

The same applies to women, who are the opposite of men. For whom was a woman born? "Oh, I am a woman. I put on makeup and beautify myself to feel good and live without envy of others... I was born for myself," one might think, but not at all! No matter how beautiful a woman is, everything she does to beautify herself is not for herself; it is for men. This fact cannot be denied.

Therefore, an ideal couple must recognize the original source from which each was born. Since a man cannot be born without a woman, a man must have a mindset of respect for women. Likewise, a woman must understand that a man has become the subjective motive for her existence and must have a heart that can elevate men fundamentally. With such a mindset, both men and women must step into a life of mutual support and a place where they can die for each other in order to become an ideal couple. Only then can they form an ideal couple.

Now you have discovered a formula here this evening. It is through the process of existing for others that one can fulfill an ideal. Therefore, no matter how great a person may be, they cannot pursue ideals and happiness outside of this formula. Just as humans cannot escape the fate of death, it is a fact that one can only find love, happiness, ideals, and peace by following the standards of the heavenly principles established by God. Now, if you center your judgments in your life journey around this official standard through such a perspective, you will discover that no one can fulfill the ideal conditions that humanity desires without going through this process.

Heaven is established in serving others. 

If we apply this formula to find a patriot of a nation, who is a patriot? A person who says, "I was born for my country! Everything I have lived for since I became aware has been for my country, and I will dedicate my life for my country," is undoubtedly a patriot. Therefore, it is reasonable to conclude that the Korean people praise General Yi Sun-sin as a patriot for this reason.

We can further develop this formula to discern who the greatest saints in human history are. Who is a saint of a higher dimension? It is determined by who has lived with a higher perspective for humanity. In this regard, I think that Jesus Christ is undoubtedly the greatest saint to have appeared in history.

Why do I say this? He was originally prepared for humanity and lived for 30 years for humanity, and even to the point of dying on the cross for humanity. At the moment he was crucified, he was in a position to curse the Roman soldiers who nailed him, yet he said, "Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do," praying for them. This fact shows that he lived with a standard that could even serve his enemies, and because he died for humanity, I cannot help but conclude that he is the greatest of saints.

One thing we humans must understand is this: no matter how long we live on this earth, we will eventually pass away within a hundred years. In Korean, it is said that we return when we die. Where do we have to return? If God exists, who is the ancestor of humanity, the father of humanity, and in a subjective position regarding humanity, where do we have to go? We must return to where He is.

Today, whether in Christianity or Buddhism, when they speak of heaven or paradise, what kind of world is that homeland? I think many of you may not have a clear understanding of that world. However, I am someone who has been given the gift to have experiences of that world.

So what exactly is heaven? It is simple. What kind of structure is that place? In short, that world is the world for those who have existed for others. It is not a place for those who have lived for themselves. Only those who have lived for God and humanity can go there. I have come to realize this clearly.

No matter how devoted a church leader or believer may be, if that devotion is not for God and humanity, but rather ends up being self-serving, they will ultimately not enter heaven. They absolutely cannot enter. However, those who do not live for themselves but follow the principles of existence for others, living for God and humanity, even to the point of sacrificing their lives... those who walk the path of dying not for themselves but for God and humanity will undoubtedly find themselves in heaven.

We humans live like travelers. Just as your position can be morning, noon, evening, or night, young people are like the morning, youth is like noon, and those who have passed middle age are like evening. Those over 70 or 80 are like entering a dark night. Truly, we are in the position of travelers.

Humans do not realize their fallen state, but if God knows of humanity's fallen state, then He has the responsibility to lead fallen humans back to the path of their homeland. However, God does not lead humanity blindly. Through the historical process, He must guide them through the training process of religion, teaching them step by step how to live for God, through individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world. That is why religions have been established.

So why does religion say to be meek and humble, to sacrifice and serve? What is the reason for this? Why must we do so to enter heaven? Why must we do so to reach that land? It is because the homeland is organized in such a way. Therefore, in order to harmonize with that place, training is necessary here. Thus, the higher the religion, the more it emphasizes self-denial and the principle of sacrificial service.

The fact that religion has emphasized sacrificial service throughout historical eras is to leave the laws of that homeland on this earth. Therefore, the existence of such religions in the historical process cannot deny that God has been providentially guiding history. We inevitably reach the conclusion that God exists through history.

Thus, one cannot enter heaven without religion. What is the highest teaching that religion teaches? It is to absolutely live for God and absolutely live for humanity. There is nothing else. Even if the Bible consists of 66 books, all 66 books conclude with these two statements: "Live for others." The purpose of the Old and New Testaments is to establish this meaning, and many scriptures conclude with these two statements.

The Bible tells us, "Whoever wants to be exalted must be humbled, and whoever wants to be humbled will be exalted." Where is such a paradoxical logic? If I tell young people this, they might feel uncomfortable just thinking about it. However, this is the truth, and this content can fundamentally form the foundation of Christian life, as it aligns with the principles of that homeland and is a relative relationship. Therefore, those who walk this path will undoubtedly go to heaven.

That is why the Bible says, "There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for a friend." Why is there no greater love than this? What is the basis for this? This indicates that the existence of heaven and earth began with those who lived for others. When we consider this content, it is not a paradoxical statement. It is a principled statement. Then why does this principled statement conflict here? Because it has been corrupted by opposing results. When viewed this way, it is a valid logic. Here, you have learned the necessity of religion.

Reasons why God established the principle of existing for others. 

Why must God establish this principle of existing for others? I will mention a few reasons. Why could God not help but establish the principle of existing for others? Look, I want to ask you one thing. If someone truly dedicates themselves and sacrifices everything for you, when it comes to repaying that grace, is your true intention to take 50 percent of the 100 percent grace received and pocket it, while only repaying the remaining 50 percent? Or is your true intention to repay 100 percent or more? Which one is it? Even in a fallen world, when we probe our true intentions, we all conclude that our true intention is to repay 100 percent or more. It is because of that heart that salvation is possible, and it is because of that heart that we have the potential to align with the eternal world.

Let’s say person A has given person B 100 percent grace. When B repays that grace, they do not wish to repay less than 100 percent. They have a desire to repay more. So let’s say they repay 110 percent. When A thinks about the sincerity behind B’s repayment of 110 percent, A will feel grateful and want to give more. As this giving and receiving continues, it naturally increases. What does this mean? When a moving object makes one complete turn, it loses energy, but in this case, the more we give and receive, the more it increases. Therefore, the concept of eternity is established here. That is why God, the King of Wisdom, cannot help but establish the principle of existing for others. Only here can there be eternity. Outside of this, we cannot find the concept of eternity.

Since God also exists for others, He seeks out an object with which He can eternally give and receive. Therefore, if the standard for eternal giving and receiving is established, God's will is fulfilled. Moreover, if giving and receiving is eternal, it will continue to grow, leading to prosperity and development.

What is happiness? Isn’t it that we must improve to be happy? That is the ideal. Is it ideal to decline and diminish? No. Because God knows this truth, He cannot help but establish the principle of existing for others. Those who exist for others can be eternal, and because there can be development and prosperity in existing for others, we must understand that God could not help but establish such heavenly principles.

Next, what is the second reason? Look, let’s say there are eight family members in a household. If the youngest sibling dedicates themselves wholeheartedly day and night for the sake of the eight family members, what happens to that sibling over time? Rather than being pushed out, they are embraced more and more. As time passes, their father and mother, as well as their siblings, will come to value that youngest child more. No matter how small the child or younger sibling may be, they will become a central figure in the family. This is the heavenly principle.

Why must it be this way? Just as God exists for others and is the center of the universe, those in a position of being an object must also advance to a central position of existing for others in order to stand before the absolute center. Therefore, those who stand in such a position will undoubtedly become central figures. Isn’t that so?

What kind of person should the county chief, who is the central figure of the county, be? The county chief must...
You must be a person who exists for others. You must be a person who exists for the military more than anyone else. Also, what kind of person should a governor, representing the province, be? (Applause) Thank you. That governor must be a person who exists for the province more than anyone else. We must elect such a person. Furthermore, what kind of person should the president of the country be? Through the past, present, and future, they must exist for the country more than anyone else. If such a ruler exists, they cannot help but be a historical sovereign.

Today, when we tell our young people to live for others, they dislike it. "Why should I live for others during this short life? How long do people live? Why should I live for others during my brief youth?" But this is because they do not understand this principle. If they realize that this principle is indeed correct, young people will eagerly follow the path of living for others.

To you parents, when you educate your children and say, "Hey, do good things for others," and they respond, "What good does that do?" how will you answer? Will you say, "Doing good is just good"? That won't work. It doesn't work. You must analyze the cause and explain, "This is why you should do this."

The same goes for religion. When told to do good deeds, they might ask, "What is doing good? What is goodness?" "Is just doing it considered good?" No. You must explain that you should do good deeds for these reasons, and that goodness is about serving others, not taking from them. It is about investing oneself.

Therefore, those who serve others will undoubtedly become central beings. Even if a historical figure faces rebellion and is exiled, or suffers oppression and becomes imprisoned, they will surely emerge as a central being. If they cannot become such a being on earth, they will undoubtedly do so after death. Those who do not welcome them as central beings will have to submit to them a thousand or ten thousand times, even in the spirit world. When you understand this principle, a strong power will arise from here, allowing you to navigate through any adversity in life in a rational way.

Everyone present here tonight, you all want to become great, right? You say, "I want to be the center of the Republic of Korea. I want to be the center of the world." And you can all achieve that. How can you do it? By saying, "I exist for humanity more than anyone else in history. I will live for humanity and die for humanity. I can endure any adversity and can even accept the path of dying for humanity." When the quantity, height, depth, and breadth of this commitment increase, you will become a global figure.

Until now, you did not know that those who exist for others become central beings. Not only that, but you did not realize that there is nothing greater than being under the influence of those who exist for others. You might think, "Where is such a saying? There is nothing more unjust and frustrating than being ruled by someone after being born as a man." But that is not true.

If you can be eternally influenced by someone who can truly serve you, that is happiness. It is happiness. Being under influence means stepping into a position where you can influence others, right? Is a son who is under the influence of his father an unhappy son? No. After being completely under influence, there is a principle of complete influence. That is the principle of give and take.

Therefore, when a father is approached by a dutiful son who says, "Father, I want this, do you like it?" the father is bound to respond positively. In the human world, it is because we have not encountered a true subject who can genuinely serve us that we feel this way. If there is a true subject who can serve us, we must recognize how happy it is to be under their influence.

If you were to visit the spirit world, you would realize that God is the central being of the universe. Therefore, everyone desires to draw closer to Him. Being under His influence and getting closer to Him is a wish that lasts for a thousand or ten thousand years, and that position is one you can be grateful for for a thousand or ten thousand years. When you realize that such a position exists, it is only possible within the world of principles that can serve others.

Thus, what is the biggest problem in today's political philosophy? There is no way to resolve the relationship between the ruler and the ruled. No one wants this. However, if we follow the principle of existing for others, we can solve this problem and make complete unity possible, a fact we have not yet realized. (Applause)

One more thing: "Then why couldn't God establish the principle of existing for others?" God would have to say, "Hey, hey, the love you pursue is not your love. The ideal you seek is not your ideal. Love is a shared possession, and ideals arise from a shared foundation." What kind of foundation is that? It is not a foundation that tells you to serve yourself. It is a foundation for serving others.

Therefore, where do the love and ideals that are more precious than life come from? They do not come from men. Can love exist alone? Can ideals exist alone? Try to think about it. Where does love come from? You might say, "It comes from me." But no matter how famous you are in the world, if you say, "Haha, I have love even when I am alone. Haha, I have ideals even when I am alone," you are a crazy person.

Where does love come from? It comes through the other. We have not theoretically organized that love cannot appear without the other. Ideals do not come from me; they come through the other. Thus, because love and ideals, which are more precious than life, are relative existences that come from the other, we cannot help but regard humanity as a noble existence. Therefore, we must establish a humble position of serving others. (Applause)

This is a grateful message. We did not realize that God, the source of the universe, was like this. We did not realize that God realized the ideals of the universe according to such principles of existence.

The ideal world that humanity desires
Everyone present here tonight must reflect once again. You know immediately whether you are going to hell or heaven. You, who have lived for 40, 50, or 70 years, if asked, "Who did you live for in your life?" would you say, "Who did I live for? I was born as the son of someone, Kim so-and-so, and lived with that name"? That has no value. Such a person is in debt. A person in debt cannot go to heaven. A person in debt cannot enter the world of ideals.

If I am 50 years old and look back at half of my life, I might say, "I lived for others until I was 26. I lived for myself until I was 24." That alone could allow me to pass through hell and enter purgatory. As you reflect on your past lives, if you remember the words spoken by someone named Moon and apply this to all aspects of your life, your family will open up a path of hope. You must realize that there is overflowing hope. You will feel the eternal ideal world existing there. You will become aware of the development of your own self. Thus, you will become a happy person.

You cannot deceive yourself. If we can establish a formula here, what would the ideal formula be? Or how would the ideal formula for happiness and peace look? This is the question. As you have lived until now, you might wonder what it means to be human, how I came to be, and so on. It is a serious issue, isn't it? What is your view of life, your view of the nation, or your views of the world, the universe, and God? You might think, "Oh, that view of life! If I don't even know about humanity itself, what do I care about the view of the nation, the world, the universe, or God?" But you see, humans cannot exist in isolation as humans. Through relational dynamics, in the relationship between subject and object, you are inevitably walking a fateful path that requires you to affirm the resulting connections.

When I say that I must have a relationship between subject and object, who is the subject? It is something greater. The greater thing can become the subject. When you look at your life centered around this, think about the realization that "I live for God." Feel that "This world cannot do without me." Feel that "This Republic of Korea cannot do without me. This society cannot do without me. My family cannot do without me." When you feel this and can live in a position where you can practice this, there is no other way than the path of living for others.

If there is someone who can live like this, they will not only resolve their own view of life but have already passed through their view of the nation. They have already passed through their view of the world and their view of God. In small ways or large ways, that person who can experience such satisfaction will be the person God wants to see, the person the world wants to see. They will also be the person the nation wants to meet and the person society wants to recognize and honor as a subject, and they will undoubtedly be someone their family wants to elevate. (Applause) Thank you.

Until now, we have considered how to relationally connect the individual to the view of the nation, the world, and the universe. No matter how much we emphasize that "this is how it is," it is not appropriate. However, centered on the principle of existing for others, we can break through any barrier. We can break through from the individual to the view of the nation, and from the view of the nation to the view of the world, from the view of the world to the view of the universe, and even to the view of heaven. Moreover, if it is God, we can penetrate to the very core of God's heart. If that is a sword, it is a sword that can reach anywhere in the universe. Its action is undoubtedly one that holds authority that the relative world cannot refuse. It is difficult to express, but...

Therefore, when you look at it this way... "We have become a world with a worldview that can serve. Our country is included in that world. I am within that family." Do you think you would be unhappy? When we ask what heaven is like, it is a place of serving others. When we ask where the ideal utopian world that humanity desires is, it is a world that has become heavenly.

The ideal formula for humanity
Why is heaven a good place? Because there is an eternal subject and an eternal object that cannot be separated and cannot be let go of, heaven is a good place. Can you be happy without a subject and an object? That is a mad person. If I say this in a place where you are not, you would say, "That person is crazy." If you laugh and make a fuss, you would definitely say, "Oh, that person is out of their mind." Everything is like that.

Knowing this tonight, you must not forget one thing: "I was born to serve! I must live to serve." If you live like that, you will not fail.

Therefore, if we speak of the ideal formula, what is it? The husband must live for the wife, the parents must live for the children, and the family must live for the neighbors and relatives. Additionally, the relatives must live for their tribe and nation, and the nation must live for the world. And the world must live for God, and God must live for me. (Applause) How wonderful would it be if it were like this?

"My things are mine, and your things are mine." This is communist thinking. That is not it. What is God's way? "My things are your things, your things are the family's, the family's are the tribe's, the tribe's are the nation's, the nation's are the world's, the world's are God's, and God's are mine." How wonderful is that!

God's things are mine... To make God's things mine, I must rise to the highest position in the world, becoming a son or daughter whom God can recognize. Only then can I make God's things mine. If I say, "Oh, I am a child, and I am going to give up everything, oh, let’s just live for our family, oh, you and I are brothers, let’s just live for our parents," that is... digging a tunnel and building a fence to practice a path of suffering. It is pitiful. That is the result of animalistic behavior. There is no ideal there.

The path the Unification Church is taking
Everyone, the person who has appeared here today has met you after 30 years in history. If the Republic of Korea had not opposed it, and if the established churches had not opposed it, I would have met you 30 years ago. If I had opened a way to proclaim such truths before the universe 30 years ago, I believe that the Republic of Korea would not be like this today. (Applause)

If the principles spoken by Moon can replace a thousand miles with the truth, where does Christianity go? They must seek damages. Even though they opposed me, I did not say a word against them. They did not know... Because I knew that the path I must take is the path of serving others, the path of the thousand-mile principle, I had to endure persecution for 30 years without being able to speak. I heard all kinds of ugly words, and although some did not fit me, God Himself did so, and Jesus Himself did so.

As you know, during the Roman era, they did not capture and kill all of them by calling them fornicators, did they? Why did they bleed miserably? Those who study Christian history know, right? They lived closer than their own brothers, so they were accused of all sorts of false charges. I am not silent because I cannot speak. I have come this far because I knew that if I lost my temper, the thousand miles would be broken.

Even if the Republic of Korea does not uphold me, there is a way to go before God through the world. Therefore, before reporting my sorrowful situation of being chased and opposed, I followed the directive to "Go the path of pioneering for humanity, which lives in greater sorrow," and I have fought for global development while enduring persecution. No one knew. (Applause)

Three years ago, when I crossed over to America, I emphasized, "Why has God blessed you, America? It is to prepare a world that can welcome the Lord who comes to represent the democratic world. It is in that sense that He has blessed you. But America is doomed. It is doomed." I said, "Now, American Christianity cannot have hope. I was born in Korea and am pitifully oppressed, but don't you need me? Whether you like it or not, just do as I do!" and I stepped onto the American continent all alone.
Although I am a person being chased with my nation behind me, I have come to know the miserable fate that I must love the American people more than my own people. I was not born for myself. It is true that I do not live for myself day or night, nor do I wish to die for myself; thus, when the opportunity to live for God and humanity has come before me, I thought I must welcome it with joy. (Applause)

118   A New Future for Humanity
In dealing with them, I ate for them, I slept for them, and I wept for them, which led Reverend Moon to become a problem in America. Living according to this heavenly principle, while everyone thought they were on the brink of death, I have seen many things that turned out the opposite. I have come to realize that there is a Creator who respects this holy heavenly principle. Thus, the Unification Church, which was thought to be doomed, did not perish. If there were a power that could digest and break this heavenly principle, it could lead to destruction, but that is something even God cannot do.

When I appear before you, the people of the Republic of Korea, I did not want to appear as a trivial, unworthy man, not a manly man. (Applause) I do not wish to be someone who loses to anyone. I do not want to lose in any aspect. I am someone who can do anything. I am not a villain who has appeared to ruin Christianity because there is nothing else to do in the world. I am superior in one-on-one, by strength, or whatever it may be. I know that well. Even if it is by intellect, I am someone who possesses a mind that does not lose to anyone.

Look. I am not someone who can be trampled upon like a fool. The one thing I know is that the traditional thought of Christianity must follow the heavenly principle that exists for the sake of others. For the free world, for God, one must abandon their own interests to live for God and humanity. Despite this stance... what benefit is there in opposing Reverend Moon of the Unification Church? I prayed, "It is fine to be isolated and chased. So, please do not let me sell my nation or sell the church!" I thought that if I could be cursed, then let me be cursed to receive blessings. Through decades of history opposing the Unification Church, the church that was thought to perish has become prominent in the world. The Unification Church has grown so vast that Reverend Moon has become a figure that the FBI cannot ignore in America.

If I were a group of villains, I would have the ability to create a nest of thorns. I did not want to appear in the form of such a foolish man on this land of the Republic of Korea. Therefore, if I lay the foundation for the world according to the heavenly principle, this nation must move toward the world, so it must not oppose. It must not oppose.

Thus, from the day the young men entered the Unification Church, I have urged them to "silently go out for this country and this nation, truly for them. Even if you are beaten, strive harder!" I say to them, "Try to strike and drive them out." They must make reparations. In front of the subject that serves, the object that is served opens the foundation of good blessings. However, if Christianity, which should be able to receive that blessing, does not fulfill the will of the world and strikes others, the blessings will be given to that person, and they will be cast out with only the shell remaining, leading to their downfall.

Who is close to God can determine victory or defeat. The same goes for the Republic of Korea. You have come to know this evening that we have a destiny to live according to this heavenly principle and to die according to this heavenly principle. Now, after 30 years, this person has met you. You must be curious about who this Reverend Moon is. However, he is not an uneducated person. He is not someone who does not know human morality. Even if the world is divided, he does not flinch. Our Unification Church members have been able to develop because they know this fact. They have developed by quietly coming forth despite being hit.

Now, look. The question of who is close to God can determine victory or defeat. Humans cannot judge themselves. Tradition, what tradition? Looking at the history of Christianity, tradition does not exist like that. How many people have been killed? We must repent and move forward, leaving behind the historical backdrop that cannot be faced. The will of God is a global will. Yet, that group, busy with sectarian struggles, dreaming of their own advancement without fulfilling their historical mission, cannot be allowed. It cannot be allowed.

Everyone, I say this not to oppose the established churches. It is astonishing. What will happen to this nation? Therefore, let the past be the past, and if there are wrongs, we must repent of those wrongs. In the face of such urgent international circumstances, especially at the borderline of the 38th parallel, where one cannot even determine how to decide life and death for today or tomorrow, we must recognize that it is time for all of us to join hands again and unite. (Applause)

The issue of Vietnam that you are now hearing is not someone else's problem. Therefore, when I look at the situation in Korea, I said that April is a crisis for Korea and Asia. Setting such a period, the Unification Church decided to raise an Asian event and mobilized an international task force to bring it in. The Republic of Korea must survive for just three more years! Do not die, stay alive! Who can guarantee that no one will die? God, please protect the Republic of Korea!

That is why I have been subjected to all sorts of insults, whether it be from the ruling party or others. I am not a ruling party. I am a heavenly party. I have been subjected to all sorts of slander, being labeled as an international communist party... I have endured all sorts of things.

What is Christianity? It is the elder brother of the Unification Church. I know that Christianity is my elder brother. Just as the eleven brothers who sold Joseph thought that when they were in rags and starving, I would think to feed and sustain them. When I invited established church pastors to hold a principle seminar at the Unification Church, I saw them hiding half a chicken, thinking that it was too small to share one whole chicken. I wept before God. How did the established church come to this? I would have preferred not to see this, but how did it come to be like this? There were times when I bit my tongue to suppress the curses that were about to come out of my mouth.

Is it bad for the Unification Church to try to get even a step closer to God? I did not intend to talk about this, but as I spoke, it turned out this way. Please understand. Everyone, I earnestly ask that you do not regard the young people from abroad in Busan as guests, but rather welcome them as one of your brothers.

I believe that those of you who attended this evening have surely understood that you must live for others. Then, what exactly is the Unification Church... what is it? You must be curious. The Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church have been separated for over 900 years, but they still have not been able to unite.

Even among the Protestant churches, there are over 400 denominations, and the idea of unification is now a dream symbol. However, one might ask how Reverend Moon intends to unify that. But I do not see it as difficult. I see it as simple. Why is it simple? Because if an established church pastor loves his congregation, can a Unification Church member love the established church member even more? If that is possible, then it is feasible. If established church members love their pastor, can Unification Church members love that pastor even more than the church members? Is that possible? It is possible. Can we create one Republic of Korea? We can create one. The key lies in whether we can love the Republic of Korea more than anyone else. If the Unification Church can create one Republic of Korea, can it love the Republic of Korea more than anyone else? If it can, then it is possible. If we can live for others, then it is possible. Can I center on the land of America and move America? Yes. If I have lived for America more than anyone else, then it is possible.

Let us correctly understand God's will for the salvation of all humanity and move forward. All beings desire to be guided by love and want to receive the dominion of that which they love. This is the desire of that being. Don't you all feel the same? Anyone is bound to be drawn toward that which they love more. Therefore, do not make excuses; you must follow that path. The Unification Church has developed even while being persecuted, and it has emerged through the path of persecution because it knows one principle. Look. Even if the established churches oppose our Unification Church as much as they want within the Republic of Korea, in order for those established churches to save the world, they must transcend the nation. What is God's will? Some established churches say, "Oh, let only our 144,000 receive the Lord!" Is that God's will? God's will is the salvation of all humanity, the salvation of all humanity. In other words, God's will is to save the world.

When we think about such issues, we must broaden our scope today and understand God's will correctly, and we must advance toward the path of self-sacrifice to save the nation. If we do that, there will be a spiritual movement that can save the nation, and the people living in that nation will naturally follow. It is not the church that follows; it is the people living in that nation who will follow. If that nation goes out for the world, then the people of the world will follow.

You must understand this and follow the principle that exists for the sake of others. There will be peace for your individual selves, peace for your families, and ultimately peace for your tribes and nations. In the journey of carrying this ideological support, if there is a group that can thoroughly overcome without getting tired, that group will become a problem-solving group that can overcome the path of suffering in Asia and also a problem-solving group that can save the world while overcoming the world's path of suffering. (Applause)

By taking these standards as a benchmark, we must quietly establish families that serve, quietly establish societies that serve, quietly establish nations that serve, and quietly establish a super-national world that serves, so that we can bring an ideal world to this earth.

When an ideological system capable of bringing about such a result is formed, I believe that a new future world will unfold, not the world of today. I cannot conclude otherwise than that this is only possible through the path of living for others. This is my view as I meet you this evening. (Applause)

If your families, your societies, and your churches stand in a pioneering position while leaving behind a path of greater value for others in front of this nation, you will have hope for a future of a higher dimension. I also believe that you will not lack the courage to advance toward a new heaven. I hope that God's blessings will rest upon your families and your societies, and I will conclude my remarks. Thank you. (Applause)

* True Path of Faith
<Prayer> Beloved Father, today is April 6, 1975, the first Sabbath of this month. This morning, please grant us your mercy, love, and compassion.

We, the foolish ones, have gathered our wandering steps in search of the lost heavenly parents, and we earnestly wish for you to be our master and father, taking care of us in every detail. On this harsh earth, where there are many temptations and trials from Satan, we bow our wounded hearts and ourselves before you, so please look upon us and touch all that is unworthy, so that we can align with your will and stand before your holiness. Yet, due to our inadequacies, we cannot stand in such a position, and we earnestly wish for you to acknowledge this and accept us with your merciful hand.

The members scattered throughout the nation are praying this morning, looking up to this place. Furthermore, your children in Korea, Japan, America, and around the world are looking up to this place, praying that they will surely bring the victory of your will in the battle in Korea. We earnestly wish for your boundless protection and blessings to be with all those groups. As we trace the path of restoration, pledging for the victory of a single day, we ask for your heart to be with us on this day, April 6, 1975, at the headquarters church.

* This message is also published in <Words> No. 178.
and the sacrifices made by those who came before us are essential. These individuals, such as the prophets and saints of the Old Testament, were sent by God to represent His image and to establish a connection with humanity in accordance with the circumstances of their times. 

Thus, to ascend to the position of God's adopted children, we must recognize the historical connections and the sacrifices of many individuals who have paved the way for us. This is not merely a matter of individual effort but requires understanding the collective journey of humanity in relation to God.

In conclusion, the path of restoration is a journey that every fallen human must undertake. It is a process that transcends time and space, requiring us to seek out the true nature of our relationship with God and to strive to fulfill our roles as His children. This journey involves recognizing our past, understanding our present, and working towards a future where we can fully embody the love and ideals of God.
and through many representatives such as personal world representatives, familial world representatives, tribal world representatives, ethnic world representatives, and national world representatives, we must ultimately unify them into one representative that embodies a single destination. 

Now, from that perspective, who is John the Baptist? He is a person who ends the history of the servant that represents the nation while simultaneously being a person who witnesses the emergence of the history of the adopted son. Otherwise, the history of the adopted son cannot emerge. So, what should John the Baptist be? 

As the adopted son, John the Baptist must have become one with the Messiah, who is the son. From this viewpoint, the one who becomes the Messiah comes as a son. However, the Messiah himself cannot come alone as a son. He must come after going through the process of restoration and while restoring the rightful position. Without establishing the foundation that allows the transition from the position of a servant to the position of an adopted son, the existence of a son cannot come. Isn’t that right? The order is set that way.

Therefore, John the Baptist is the representative who must complete the historical representative of the servant while also preparing the origin of a new beginning for the adopted son. There must be someone who can represent the historical world of humanity and the entire nation, and that person is John the Baptist. 

John the Baptist. That is why the Unification Church states, “John the Baptist is the restored Adam type.” However, while he is restored, he is not the Adam who did not fall; the Adam who did not fall is a direct child of God, while the restored Adam is a person of the Adamic standard who has come back through a bloodline process that is different from God’s. What that means is that he is in the position of an adopted son, the position of an adopted son. He stands in a position where he can have the name of a son as the restored Adam.

From this perspective centered on the Messiah, that is, when viewed from the center of Jesus, it is stated that there must be a bloodline connection with Jesus.

Centered on the history of Israel, the historical bloodline connection through which God has carried out the providence of restoration, in other words, one must walk the representative path that can inherit that internal bloodline connection through individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states. John the Baptist, who stands in the position of an adopted son before the Messiah while walking the messianic path, must also inherit that historical tradition.

Why is that? God’s providence of salvation aims to conclude the history of the servant and culminate it in the history of the adopted son. The purpose of culminating it in the history of the adopted son is to connect it to the direct children in a horizontal position, thereby preparing the direct lineage. This is the path of providence for salvation, so even if one becomes a wild olive tree, they must become a wild olive tree. Even if one cannot become the true olive tree, they must at least resemble the true olive tree in form, shape, and in both internal and external aspects. In other words, one must become a being that can harmonize with God’s heart and the stage of God’s life, reflecting the appearance of that heart and the actions of that heart. When viewed this way, John the Baptist is a historical representative.

Everyone, we know the term restoration through indemnity. When the fall occurred, Cain and Abel separated from Adam and Eve. The two were divided. They fought and became enemies, resulting in their separation. 

Then, in the process of restoration, what is the Abel-type global protagonist, the central figure of the Abel-type world? It is the Messiah. What is the Cain-type global central figure? It is John the Baptist, the representative of the adopted son before the Messiah. Therefore, John the Baptist and Jesus must become one, not two. Only then can the historical Cain-type and Abel-type, one being on the side of Satan and the other on the side of Heaven, be integrated.

Thus, although John the Baptist stood on the side representing Cain, which betrayed God, he must stand in a position to defend God and support the son whom God loves, unlike Satan.

Therefore, what position does John the Baptist stand in? He stands in the position of the archangel who has fallen but in the position of Adam in the process of restoration.

The fallen archangel stood in a position that betrayed Heaven and governed Adam and Eve, but this archangel must absolutely unite with Adam and be absolutely obedient before Jesus, who stands in the place of Adam. The quality is different, you see.

By concluding such results, he connects the standard of the adopted son to the position of the servant, thereby engrafting the bloodline through the direct children. This internal connection that transforms the bloodline leads back to God, to the position of true parents. This is the path of restoration.

John the Baptist must have become one with Jesus and become his tribe. 

The Israelite nation has gone through a 4,000-year history as the history of the servant, but it must pass through the history of the adopted son while not losing the history of the servant, and it must go through the position of the adopted son in relation to the son.

So, what must be done? One must become a person who can obey all of God’s commands before God’s heart as a servant and can represent God’s work. Then, to become an adopted son, one must also be in the heart of the son. 

This is different. The son must say, “There is no one more precious than this person. There is no one who has a deeper connection with me than this person.” In other words, one must become a person who can be eternally remembered in the heart of the son.

What if John the Baptist had done well? If John the Baptist had done well, he would have gathered all the Israelites and dedicated not only himself but also his family, tribe, nation, and the entire country to Jesus, who had nothing. Would there be such a person?

If that were the case, when it comes to Jesus, who could represent an individual in front of Jesus’ heart, one would say, “Ah, in that case, it would be John the Baptist.” When asked who would represent a family, it would also be John the Baptist. When asked who would represent a tribe, it would again be John the Baptist. When asked who would represent a nation, it would also be John the Baptist. It cannot be otherwise.

He must not only be a being who can have such a heart but must also be in the realm of the son’s life, indispensable to the work of the son, a person who can represent the son one hundred percent, a person who has no self, living only for that son. If such an adopted son exists, even if the father calls that son and blesses him, the son would say, “I cannot keep this blessing to myself. This blessing is mine, but it is also yours. Let’s share it.”

If the father, that is, God, blesses Jesus as a son, the son must be able to say, “Father, you must not bless me alone. Please bless John the Baptist in my place.” Only by standing in such a position can one enter the position of the direct lineage as an adopted son before God.

If that were to happen, what would it be like? If John the Baptist had been such a man, what would it have been like if he were an unmarried man? If he were an unmarried man, how would it be? What if Jesus had a younger sister? Would he want to make John the Baptist his brother-in-law? What if there were a young aunt among Jesus’ relatives? Would he want to make him his uncle? This way, he would inevitably be absorbed into the position of a bloodline connection. Do you understand what that means? It cannot be otherwise.

That is why, through the history of engrafting within the direct lineage, engrafting is not merely about attaching something to a tree. It is about entering a position where one can automatically be absorbed into the direct bloodline of Jesus, and it is a natural conclusion that as an adopted son, one can inherit the position that represents the authority of the son. If that were to happen, wouldn’t it be difficult for God as well? “Hey, you are an external adopted son, so half of your children are on our side and half are on the other side.” It cannot be thought that way. When it comes to being a son-in-law or something else, it must all be encompassed.

From this perspective, isn’t it reasonable that Heaven told John the Baptist not to marry until he was over 30? Isn’t that right? At that point, he could undoubtedly participate in the position of the direct lineage as an adopted son. Is that not so? “Yes, it is.”

Today’s believers do not even think about the complex content of the history of restoration that lies behind fallen humanity. They simply believe that if they believe, they will go to Heaven, but how can they believe? They are told to believe blindly. They are told that believing is enough. While that sounds good, it does not work. Can you thread a needle by just saying, “I can do it”? You must align it. Up until you get here, you can come blindly, but in the end, you must thread it. Just because you say, “This is my faith, so I will enter,” does that mean you will enter? Up until you get here, it is fine. But in the end, you must align everything inside and out. If you ignore this, it becomes a conclusion that denies God’s principles of the universe. This is not the time for that.

That is why the Unification Church teaches that there must be a time to believe as a servant, a time to believe as a servant, a time to believe as an adopted son, and then a time to inherit the position of the son…. The time of the son is not a time of belief. Do you meet and write letters? After meeting, you finally relate to each other. Do you meet and say, “Oh, how are you? Please stay here. I will write you a letter”? When you believe, there is distance, and when the conditions for relating are not natural, that is when belief occurs.

So, when we talk about the “true path of faith,” what kind of path is it? It is the path of going toward restoration. There must be a personal era of the servant, a familial era of the servant, a tribal, national, and global era of the servant. Therefore, the Israelite nation must leave a history of the servant globally; this is how it is viewed. It must leave a history of the servant tribally, nationally, and personally; this is a nation that must leave a history of the servant. A servant has no life. When called, they come; when told to go, they go.

Today, as you know, why does the Israelite nation have to suffer before many nations and be trampled underfoot by many nations, even shedding blood with guns, even though they are innocent? They must be in a position of injustice. That is the nature of a servant, the fate of a servant. The Israelite nation must walk the path of destiny, fulfilling the mission of the adopted son and connecting the direct lineage, but they do not know that themselves.

What is Christianity today? Christianity is the Second Israel. We in the Unification Church understand this well. The Second Israel is Christianity. Therefore, Christianity has gone through a history of servitude. It has a more precious internal connection than anyone else in the human world, but it has inherited the play of the servant of servants in the human world. That is why it dies…. What sin is there in being killed? It is done for no reason. What sin is there in being killed? They are hated for no reason…. Just by seeing them go, people mobilize to slander them…. On the day the servant does well, everyone turns against him. 

A servant is a servant, but if that servant is left alone, it will completely overturn the world of Satan. Therefore, the world of Satan cannot leave it alone. The path of the believer cannot escape the path of the servant, and this is inevitable from this principle.

From that perspective, the more fiercely and harshly a religion walks the path of the fate of the servant, the more it is remembered in God’s heart. So, what kind of religion is that? It will be a religion that has struggled at the crossroads of blood and death while pioneering that path. From this perspective, we can surmise that Christianity is such a representative religion.

Through Christianity, one can meet the true servant, and by transcending the path that Christianity has taken, one can meet the adopted son, and by meeting the adopted son, one can meet the direct son, and by meeting the direct son, one can meet the true parents; this is the traditional path. This is the direct path.

Among religions, there are various religions. There are personal religions from the perspective of the servant, religions for the purpose of restoring individuals, religions for the purpose of restoring families, and religions for the purpose of restoring nations. There are many of these. Then, there are also adopted son religions. There are religions that can replace the form of the adopted son; such religions must become the national religions that suffer before the nations of the world at the end. This is a reasonable conclusion. Those who overcome and transcend will become a group that can be remembered in God’s heart. You will likely guess this.

Then, what kind of nation is the Korean nation, our Korean people? You may know that the Vietnam issue is quite complicated, but what kind of nation is the Korean nation? What kind of nation is this? This nation has a history of suffering in Asia. Looking at world history, what kind of nation is it? When we look at the Israelite nation…. Still, it is better than the Israelite nation. The Israelite nation has indeed suffered for 2,000 years without a country, but they have miraculously found the Jewish nation, the nation of Israel, and have become an independent country. This is an astonishing fact.

Now is the time to transition to the era of global children. 

Considering all these issues, what time is it now? It is the time to pass through the era of the global servant, the era of the global adopted son, and transition to the era of global children. It must become such a time. What is the highest hope of humanity? It would be wonderful if it were to become the place of the utopian sons of God and live in the love of God, but it is not that way. We are facing a global end-time that incorporates a phased form. This is how it is. There are groups walking the historical process of the servant. There are groups groaning within the realm of the adopted son. Then, there are groups groaning within the realm of Satan. 

If we look at it this way, Christianity has represented the democratic world. 

What is Christianity? It is a stage that has developed after Jesus came and went. The Old Testament era is the era of the servant leading up to the door of the adopted son. The New Testament era is the time when, through the death of Jesus, it leads to the position of the direct son. Then, what will happen in the future? If the Lord who is to come comes to this earth, the past Old Testament era will transition from the servant to the adopted son.
Because we are in an era where we can approach the position of a son as an adopted child, there must be a transformative revolution for one to enter that position. However, for those who believe in Christianity today—when they say they have received the body of Jesus and refer to the merits of the cross, there is some validity to that. They possess the body of Jesus, which places them in a relative position before the inner personality of Jesus. Because they stand in the position of adoption, if they accept the Lord who is coming, there is a path they can take through a natural process.

Therefore, if we speak in terms of stages, we are in a chaotic world that is horizontally unfolding from the era of servants to the era of adopted children, from the era of adopted children to the era of sons, and from the era of sons to the era of parents. 

Everything fits into this one point. It is interconnected. Or it must enter in this way. On the other side is the world of Satan. To put it negatively, this is the communist world. In terms of our country… the democratic world has emerged like this? The democratic world enters into this realm. Therefore, if we look at the major world religions among religions, they exist within this realm. Whether it is the religion of servants, the religion of adopted children, the religion of sons, or the religion of parents, it has taken on such forms.

The end times are when a religion centered around parents emerges. What does that mean? What does the Unification Church represent? It is seen that one cannot enter the Kingdom of God without passing through the door of the religion of parents. Thus, when we speak of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, what is the Son? It is the son deity. What is the Holy Spirit? Is the Holy Spirit just the Holy Spirit? It is the same as the mother. It is the mother deity. Since the mother committed sin, it is the deity with the mission of the mother that must wash away the sin. Everything revolves around this. It is the restoration through indemnity.

Now, what kind of group can remain in this historical turmoil? There is nothing else. It is the group that remains true to the will of God. After that comes the group of adopted children, and then the group of sons; this is what remains.

Currently, when we compare Christianity with other foreign religions, Christianity stands at the forefront. It is at the forefront. Just because Christianity is at the forefront does not mean that everyone is at the forefront. There are various factors involved. Isn’t that so? When it comes to fleeing, who goes first? The sovereigns of that nation flee first, right? No matter where good things happen, the sovereigns of that nation go first, right? It is the same. Before God’s will, the religion that is chosen first, whether it is Christianity or another, goes first. But can we say that all the farmers in rural areas come rushing in and say, ‘I’m not part of that!’? They are all God’s people. They rush in like that. This is the chaos that is happening in the world right now. That is the situation.

Communism has also entered a stage of chaos, and the democratic world has entered a stage of chaos. Communism is on the side of Satan. Why is there chaos in the world of Satan? It is because it has entered a state of stagnation. When autumn comes and the sap stops flowing, confusion arises in the leaves. Just like the falling leaves, we are entering a time of saturation. Because this is the time, we are passing through an international communist era and now descending into a national form of communism. The democratic world is the same. The formation of a single democratic sphere centered around the United States is impossible. This is because the United States itself is in such a state, losing the ability to manage and protect democratic allied nations, and increasingly falling into a state of ‘We cannot trust America!’ Therefore, what must be done? We must establish an autonomous democracy.

These days, all forms are democratic, but they are falling into a form of democracy equipped with imperialistic positions. And here, they are also divided and fighting. This is also splitting apart. If this continues, there will be no way to stabilize the world. There will be no way to stabilize it. This is the end. After falling into national or ethnic standards from a global standard, politically, there will be no way to stabilize anything. Thus, we are in a time of chaos. What will we seek after that? The hopes we have had for the future are gradually bowing down. Our eyes are looking down at the ground, and our heads are bowing down. This is the case with the Republic of Korea as well. The government, which was once good, is gradually becoming like this, and our eyes are opening wider and wider… Where will our eyes go? Once it goes beyond 90 degrees, there is no way.

What happens next? We must close our eyes and think. This will happen. We will enter a time of cosmic reflection, where we will reflect. Just wait and see. That time will come. What will we reflect on? Until now, the mouths that have judged others, the mouths that have said, ‘Who is right? Who is right? Who is right?’ will find themselves in ruin and will say, ‘Oh, you are the same, and I am the same.’ So who is wrong? I am wrong, and you are wrong, so we both are wrong. Such a time of reflection will come. What must appear at the end of this historical great turmoil is a time of reflection. Therefore, the scientific world that has looked at nature must now return to humanity.

In the late 16th century, people drove God away, but now they must return to God, realizing that humanity alone is not enough. This is the restoration movement. Now the time has come.

Looking at the current situation, America has also bowed its head. The great America… When I went to America in 1965, I saw how powerful they were, thinking, ‘Just wait and see. The restoration providence has come to this point.’ But I never expected it would change so much in ten years…

Christianity, which was so high and mighty, has fallen so low in just over a decade. It has fallen terribly. Recently, isn’t it true that America is bowing its head? Because of a small Vietnam, they have made a mess… It is astonishing. No one sympathizes with them. Even those who are failing do not sympathize with America. 

When the great bow their heads, can the small ones do anything? When the great, America, bows its head like this, those who have been bowing their heads until now will lift their heads to look at America. The world is all like this. When one goes down, another goes up; it is all like that. It is an interesting phenomenon. The world is truly interesting. When those who have risen go down, those who have fallen rise up. If there are groups that can rise with higher hopes, they can create global events.

In that sense, let’s rise with higher hopes in the Unification Church. That is why I am saying that I must go to America quickly again. People are very interested in me. The FBI and CIA are watching and saying, ‘Oh, Reverend Moon has returned to America; what are your plans for this year?’ and they keep asking through intelligence agencies. There are rumors that I am buying the Empire State Building or doing something in America… It seems that there will be issues wherever I go. There will be problems when I return. ‘What’s going on?’ ‘What do you mean? I am an Oriental person, one of the yellow races, but I will not yield to white people. You have had it good for hundreds of years, but now it will not go your way. You will do as we say!’ 

Let me give you an example. Currently, there is a prison in a place called New Delhi, across from New York. This is the stronghold of the Mafia and the most extreme elements of the Communist Party. It is a smuggling stronghold near New York. There is a prison there that currently houses nearly a thousand people, 60 percent of whom are black. These people were all on the brink of a riot. If white people put their hands through the bars, they would be bitten. There are no guards or anything. ‘You have historically done this to us, and because of you, we are in this situation… we will take revenge on you.’ They are in a very explosive situation. They think, ‘If white people say they are bad, that is good for us.’ It is the opposite. ‘If you don’t like communists, we love communists.’ They say, ‘If you don’t like us committing crimes, then we will commit crimes.’ There is no way to resolve such extreme opposites.

In 1962, 80 people were murdered in New York, but now it has exceeded 800. According to the FBI’s announcement in December 1973, ‘When we surpass the 1980s, there will be no American citizen who does not commit a crime. Everyone will be a people with criminal records.’ This statistic has come out. If we look at the rate of increase in crime until now, that is the case.

Therefore, education must be done, but it must be possible to educate. With this situation, what can be done? The prison wardens and guards have all tried, but it does not work. They say that the Catholic Church, Judaism, and all others must come and guide them ideologically and spiritually, but when white pastors come, they are all chased away. If they poke them with knives, can white people endure that? They are all individualists, pursuing their own interests, and if they suffer even a little, they run away… If they blow away all the Christian pastors who come and go, they will all disappear. Not a single one can approach. Even so, they cannot manage and educate within the prison, and as time goes on, they are pushed into an increasingly fierce battle environment.

So, the prison wardens and guards say, ‘It would be good to teach these prisoners that God exists… Now we really need God in our prison.’ Money does not work. It does not work with knives, power, or knowledge. No matter how much you tell them, it is the same; no matter how much you hit them, it is the same. Hitting them only makes them explode more. No matter how much you feed them, it is the same. There is no way. So, how do we teach these prisoners that God exists? They say, ‘If there is a denomination that teaches that God exists, that denomination is the true church!’ Therefore, I must carry out urgent operations in America.

You know, Westerners, they have come here, but (laughs) the white people are very cunning. For hundreds of years, they have done all sorts of things according to their claims and laid the foundation, living well with the shepherds tied at their door. Now, what does it mean when an unexpected Oriental person comes along, and the dog barks, thinking they are just a passing guest, but then tries to open the door and not only that but comes in fully armed, saying, ‘Hey, you!’ They do not want to stay quiet.

The sick America of crime and prisoners. 

That is why, how many people did the old Catholic Church kill? How many? I know that. They say it is unfavorable to fight. Nowadays, wars are surprise operations, speed operations. They must be done swiftly. (laughs) They must blow everything up at once so that eyes and everything else are completely blocked. We cannot avoid such operations.

I have become quite famous over the past three years, but until mid-1978, I will try everything. At first, the established churches said, ‘What’s the big deal? What about Reverend Moon? Huh? Huh? Huh?’ But these days, there is a public discourse through the mass media saying, ‘Let’s catch him!’ The Jews are now discussing it. There is a great uproar. So, catch him. What is there for me to be caught? In fact, the more I stay in America, the more problems arise. That is how it is. When I go somewhere in America, they say, ‘Where are you going?’ and when I am in Korea, they say, ‘He went to Korea.’

Who will carry out the work of stabilizing the prison? Whites cannot do it. Blacks cannot do it either. The only ones who can do it are the yellow races, according to the expressions of whites and blacks. (laughs) We need the yellow race. If both whites and blacks say they do not like each other, who would go to that pit? I have no choice but to carry out nationwide activities…

Now, there are 400,000 prisoners. How great it would be if they all became Unification Church members. (laughs) ‘I will open the door 100 percent, so if you want to come in and eat, come in and eat; if you want to roast, roast; if you want to swallow it whole, swallow it whole.’ I am saying that. I am saying, ‘Now we really need God.’ This is a big deal for the prison wardens. If we had not intervened, we would have stabilized everything three days before a riot broke out. If we talk about all these things, it might expose everything that is not good for America, but that is the reality.

When prisoners are released from prison, they get caught up in issues like drugs. So, what is the biggest problem for the Ministry of Justice now? When prisoners are released, they cannot last even a month before returning. Why do they return? Who wants to hire someone with a prison record? Isn’t it the same in Korea? Huh? When someone comes out of prison, they squint their eyes. To put it more bluntly, they squint their ears too. Who wants to deal with them? They want to deal with those who are not like that. If it is someone with a prison record, they have to be careful, and to manage one person, they need several people to manage them, so no one wants to do that. Therefore, there are no places to get hired. No matter how much it is America, it is the same. So, when they come out, without a base and without money, they fall into depravity. They end up playing around in the old situation they were in, and within a month, they return to prison. Therefore, the number of prisoners continues to increase.

So, the government’s plan is to give those people at least $5,000 when they are released, enough to live for a year, but if that happens, it will truly become a prisoner welcome center. That is how it will be. Is it easy to earn $5,000? When black people go in and out of prison and come out with $5,000, they will all want to go in. (laughs) Then they will say they would rather die.

So there are two solutions. What are they? First, there is a way to allow them to earn $5,000 during their time in prison, and the second is to provide them with jobs when they are released. If we can do these two things, this will be a major policy from the state…
It means becoming Russia. However, to do this work, a religious organization must take responsibility, but since there is no such organization, who will take responsibility? The Ministry of Justice or the Ministry of Internal Affairs will have to take responsibility, they say.

But can they actually do that? Everyone is just trying to put money into their own pockets... right? Even if you work a day in prison, you only get paid 20 cents. That’s not enough. So what we have devised is to open up a way to earn close to $10 a day, and we held an opening ceremony yesterday. What that involves is putting flowers into vases and then grinding grains like rice or barley to put in there. We have started this business based on that idea.

The strategy of the Unification Church to teach God to prisoners in America
So far, our economic activities have been quite profitable, and we have centered our sales activities around that, and since our Unification Church members can generate considerable income by going out to work each day, we thought we should ask the prison to help us since they can’t just sit and make that. The prisoners are just eating and playing around... This is something anyone can do in an hour and a half. So, there’s no problem with education. Even if a thousand people come to see it, everyone can make one within 30 minutes. So, we decided to pay 30 cents for each one made, and if this is done normally, it will generate over $400 a month. So, under such a plan, this is what we are doing in the prison. The prison has cells, so the location is really good. (laughter) If we clear everything out and turn it into a factory, there are plenty of people and space...

Now, 60% of the prisoners are all wide-eyed, wondering, "What kind of group is this coming in?" Among them are Jews, Japanese, and Americans, so they think, "Aren't they all here to exploit us?" They tested us so much.

And then, when we met with the prison warden and the prisoners' assembly president... there is a prisoners' assembly president in prison. There is a leader among the prisoners. When you enter the prison workshop, there is a general supervisor. It is organized like the military, and they report to the whole assembly, and there is such a president. Among the Black prisoners, there is a very strong presence, and there is someone who has the highest number of previous convictions. If he just raises his fist, everyone runs away... That person was in a leadership position. He has something like 13 convictions? (laughter) The prison warden cannot manage without relying on that person's power, so on his birthday, even though he is a prisoner, the guards collect money to throw him a birthday party and so on. (laughter)

So, our young people in their 20s went in and sweet-talked the prison warden, and he was all ears. The prisoners said, "Where in the world are there such people? All of them are just here to exploit us; all those Christians and Jesus people are like that. Aren't they all in the same group?" They played around with this for about a week.

There was an institution created by the government to take measures—because they couldn’t just release the prisoners—so they created an educational institution. They made an association named after high-ranking government officials to educate social figures, and the government provided money and housing. The building is a five-story structure with a basement, and they rent it for $1 a year. (laughter) At that price, in places like New York, it would cost several thousand or even tens of thousands of dollars, but they provided it for $1 as a nominal gesture from the government. So, they created an educational institution 40 days ago to educate about the drug problem, how much harm drugs cause to humans. Now, this has become a chronic issue for those who have been using drugs; just hearing about drugs makes them want to open their mouths. (laughter) When they tell them not to take drugs, they ask, "Have you ever taken drugs?" and they all run away. So, it has been empty for five years, and it has become a place where discarded furniture and junk are stored, which can be used later if needed. It has become a house where stray dogs that have lost their homes live. (laughter)

So, we said, "Let's get involved." We have been negotiating that for a year. If we secure this place, the government will definitely conspire to take down Reverend Moon, and the white people will conspire too. The Jews are really afraid of me. They know I will touch the economic field. That’s why they say the management of the Empire State Building is in the hands of Jews, and they spread rumors about buying it. (laughter)

There will definitely be a head-on collision, but before that, from the perspective of the American national standard, all institutions... For that, if this association is newly organized, it will have to include advisors from the President of the United States, the Vice President, and Senators. It is impossible for it not to happen.

So, the teacher has already been preparing for this for a year and has opened the way. Now we have started practical work. The prison world can be contacted nationwide within three days. Do you understand what that means? They have no radio communication or any devices, but if something happens anywhere, it spreads nationwide. If a leader in the prison says something in the rice cell, all 240,000 prisoners can be mobilized at once. If they say, "At what time there will be a riot!" then a riot will happen. If they say, "At what time, kill a guard in any prison!" they will do it. They are organized like that.

They consider white people our enemies, and Reverend Moon is also an enemy, they say. Recently, what happened was, as you know, when the teacher was giving a lecture in Congress, the people leading it were the chairpersons of the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Defense Committee, who are considered conservatives. The opposing reformists are all from the Black community. The reformist Black people are all in opposition to the conservatives, causing issues in Congress, saying, "The head of the conservatives is Reverend Moon. Therefore, the enemy is Reverend Moon rather than white people." They have incited the Black community like that. "Reverend Moon is our enemy." They have spread propaganda like that. "Reverend Moon is an Asian, and that Asian is scarier than a white person!" (laughter) They have spread propaganda like that. And they have said, "Who is the mastermind directing the prison? It is Reverend Moon!" (laughter) They have turned what they know 180 degrees around.

As a result, they see this as an essential base for future grand strategies. They thought about how to infiltrate mafia or smuggling bases and strike a defensive line, and now it has become impossible not to fight on a large scale. In a place like America, it is not a problem to kill someone for just $150. It has all become like that. Because they know all sorts of things are happening, when they think about how to blow up these bases, they will have to investigate through the prisoners in the prison.

So, they say, "Wow, Reverend Moon will win." The prison warden also thinks that if Reverend Moon gets involved, it will definitely succeed. Why? Because he is Asian. (laughter) Also, the conclusion of the Black community is that since he is not white, it will work. They do not understand Asians. They also do not understand whites or Blacks, so they think they should wait and see. When they do, they will see that he does well. That theory is correct, you see. (laughter)

The Unification Church touching the bases of this underworld has spread rumors nationwide at once. So, I... and then I created this association, and I... I was digressing... (laughter) The detour has become longer than the main road, so I should stop. Should I conclude this, or should I continue? "Keep going." You want me to continue? "Yes." Ah, if I expend too much energy in this lecture, it will be a loss. I told my mother I would only speak for 30 minutes, but now that the time is like this, I have to leave here and go to Daegu to speak... Now I can’t fulfill that promise, can I? (laughter) But if you all find it interesting, I think it’s fun too. (laughter, applause)

This time, we sent a diplomatic document to Vice President Rockefeller. "Since you took office as the Governor of New York, you have been managing prison policies poorly. You are responsible for the national disgrace of increasing crime rates." This has already become a problem. It is a problem in Congress, and the Communist Party is actively opposing it. A female representative came out and said, "The Rockefeller Foundation is a monster of the bourgeoisie and a disaster for Black people," and they are spreading propaganda saying it will perish. This is quite troublesome. If we do the work, Vice President Rockefeller will be very grateful. So, he instructed everyone to meet and do everything...

So, what will we do with this? Will they really entrust it to us? We have made an internal agreement with the prison. So, we think we should take charge of the entire education. Will they entrust it to us? It is better to entrust it. We are pleading for them to let us handle it. They don’t know. If we lay the groundwork, we can’t predict what the white folks will do, so we need to have lawyers draw up contracts like this. We need to make sure they can’t move in the future. This is what we are all doing now.

What is interesting is that when we sell the products we are now making, in the past, when we tried to sell, the police followed us and opposed us. When the Unification Church group came, the neighborhood would become chaotic. Once they did it, they wouldn’t let it go quietly. They would search everything... This is a problem that arises at any time. So, the police would follow us and try to stop us, but this time, the police are saying, "Hurry up and do it!" (laughter) In just a few days, the world has changed. Such problems are arising. (laughter)

Now, I think we will make a lot of money. When will we earn it? Even now, they think, "That Reverend Moon is hosting a conference, so he must have a lot of money." They are gradually spending more and more money. This year alone, we have to budget over $7.5 million. They don’t know where it comes from. We earn it and spend it. Why would I rob a bank or do anything? (laughter) I earn it and spend it, so why would I be upset? Koreans say that if a cousin buys a field, they get upset, but these folks are so upset they are about to die. (laughter)

So, we have made a lot of money now. It is becoming abundant. We have vast resources. So, we will build hospitals and schools. We are planning to build them right away. So now, we are planning to liberate the spiritual hell while liberating the earthly hell, and we are planning to create an International Prison Structure Association. With this, we want to create a two-year school in America. We will have all the model prisoners enter a two-year school, and after completing a one-year course and a two-year course, they will be fully prepared as members of society, so that in the future, company presidents will come to the prison gates and take them away. Oh, the prisoners will be drooling. They will say they will save up the money they earn and give it to them upon release, and they will say they will help them find jobs when they leave. Where in the world is there such a savior?

So now, we have to do the renovation of that house. Who will do the renovation? If it were ordinary people, they would say, "The government should do that; there are many prisoners, and the people who need to be educated should do it, right?" But no, we said we would do it. We are the ones who want to do it, all of it. Before I came here... it has been about 10 days. "Okay, let’s go. When we do the renovation, we shouldn’t do it half-heartedly; we should clean it thoroughly and quickly!" I said. Normally, it would take about a month, but we did it quickly. In four days, we cleaned the first, second, third, and fourth floors completely. There were many anecdotes during the renovation. There were decomposed bones of dead dogs lying around, three of them. Seeing that, a child thought it was a dead person. Upon closer inspection, it was a dog that had died. The structure of the house was good, but the interior was in terrible condition. Things were placed haphazardly, and the ceiling was about to collapse. When we said we would renovate that, the prison staff came to watch, the warden came to watch, and the prisoner leaders came to see. They thought, "No matter what, it will take a few days." But we cleaned the first, second, third, and fourth floors all within four days. After that, both Japanese women and Western women started sleeping there. It smelled, but they slept there. We set up factory facilities there, and they lived and ate with the prisoners. This is what we did. At first, they said they would probably escape within a week, but it completely turned around. A big event has occurred. It has become inevitable.

The people who receive education here will... they will earn a lot of money in the future. They will go door to door saying, "Hey! Ma'am, I will stop the thief who is climbing over your fence. Will you donate $10?" (laughter, applause) The broadcasting stations and media organizations throughout New York are legally required to spend 20% for the public good. However, is there anything that can be advertised to the public that is good for the nation that is 20%? There isn’t, so the good content that should be used by the state is always left over, and now we will advertise that. Since they have to spend 20%, they are going to bombard newspapers, radio, and TV. Well, they have fallen into a good trap; they don’t even have to give money. (laughter) So, we are excited and are going to shake up America from now on.

With this, we will also focus on two years of education to create high-quality people for a world federation organization. We should also establish sister relationships with Korean prisons, sister relationships. (laughter) Anyone studying in any classroom will be dispatched to Korea! That’s what we are deciding. Anyone studying in a classroom in Chile, Italy... those studying in French classes will go to France. "Let’s go and guide the French prison!" This is the kind of activity we are doing. We will equip them with principles, then equip them with victory, and then equip them with unification thought. Even if we push them to steal, they won’t do it. With this, we will invite all the high-achieving students from each country, and the national representative prisoners will visit the US headquarters. (laughter) Eventually, there will come a time when we will charter a jumbo jet for travel. (laughter)
And I thought, 'These guys, when they try to catch me, I will turn the tables on you.' The established church is now completely falling apart because of the Unification Church. The day the Unification Church gets this on track, if anyone opposes the Unification Church, the black community will say, 'You sons of bitches!' (laughter) In the end, those who have come out of prison will say, 'Reverend Moon, Moon! The morning sunlight has risen! Moon!' (laughter, applause) They like the moon and the sun, so they like Reverend Moon. (laughter) Now it has to be promoted. You may not know, but if there are people opposing, they will grab them by the collar and say, 'You little bastard, huh?' (laughter) If such situations increase on the streets, we will have to warn about it. Such things will happen.

Now, if this happens, I will take charge of this first outpost that the Communist Party has designated as its primary base. I will put these people in the front line of the Communist Party and mobilize the black community across the Americas. This way, I will take control of the underworld. I am planning such things now. This is how I can avoid harm. So, there is no one else who can do that but me. Am I the only one who can do it? "Yes." So these days, at the U.S. immigration office... Recently, I saw in a Korean newspaper, those guys are out of their minds. They said the Unification Church members were sued in America and kicked out, but I was the one who filed the lawsuit. Those sons of bitches, the media reported it the opposite way. I just wanted to see what we did wrong here. We didn't come here just to get a meal. We didn't come to America to be a burden; we came to relieve burdens. What did we do wrong? Let's confront it again in court! That's why I filed the lawsuit. But they said, 'Oh, the Unification Church was kicked out by the immigration lawsuit!' 

This time, because of the joint wedding ceremony, I brought the international task force and they said we were kicked out. Kicked out? I brought them here. 

The world is interesting. They oppose so much. They oppose things that are not true, deny things that are not, and say that things that are true are not true. That can happen. Since rumors have been spread like that, when the FBI investigated, they found it wasn't true. The CIA also investigated and found it wasn't true. They say I received funds from the KCIA (Korean Central Intelligence Agency), but did I ever receive even a penny from the KCIA? I didn't. They say I'm a lackey of President Park Chung-hee, but have I even met President Park once? The government follows us because what we do is good; we don't follow them. They initially opposed the establishment of the Victory and Unity Federation and the education we provide. But because it was so good, they are now following us. That's how we have come this far.

Does the CIA in America fund us? Even the Americans think that way. (laughter) 'Reverend Moon is a global anti-communist representative, so he has a hundred percent value, so the CIA funds him like that and he uses it.' Even Americans think that way because the Communists are propagandizing against us in America. Later, when they found out, the CIA just scoffed. Because of this, those people also stand by our side and help us. I know everything about the background that has been created. This is the fight we are currently engaged in.

Now let's go back. It has to be the yellow race; it can't be otherwise. While black and white Americans are fighting, it can't be without the yellow race. Just wait a little longer. When you say 'yellow race?' they will say, 'Yes.' Such things will happen. As this happens, what will occur? Who will manage the numerous prisons? Therefore, a massive movement of the yellow race is possible in the future. I will bring hundreds of Japanese people, and you Koreans will also have to go out to the U.S. State Department's invitation in the future. Invitations may fly in soon. It's not bad to have some expectations. (laughter) Instead, you should be those who can sleep with someone in prison clothes and talk about old stories. That is for sure. I hope you will wait with expectations knowing that we are doing this new movement. Therefore, you need to understand that the yellow race is needed.

Now, let's go back. 

To become the sons and daughters of God, what process must one go through? 

When we look at this, ultimately, in the history of restoration, the question is who will love humanity in place of God, who will take responsibility? If the white race cannot take responsibility, then the black race must take responsibility, and if the black race cannot take responsibility, then someone among the yellow race must take responsibility. Today, Reverend Moon of the Unification Church is boldly claiming he will take responsibility. Will you agree with that? Do you want to agree? "Yes." Will you agree with your fingertips? (laughter) How will you agree? Will you agree with your fists, your body, or your whole heart? "With my whole heart." Whole heart? "Yes." Really? "Yes." Good.

The question is, when you think about the true path of faith, ultimately, you must be remembered in God's heart. The issue culminates there. You must be remembered in God's heart. If you are remembered as a servant, as a son, how blessed would that be? You must know that.

You know, the members of the Unification Church are very greedy, right? Women are greedy, and men are greedy. Because they are greedy, they become lumpy like toads, with greed sticking to them like hives on their bodies. Isn't that right? "Yes." Look. Can I say I became a son or daughter of God without any merit? That's ridiculous. Did I become a son or daughter of God? To become a son or daughter of God, one must go through such a historical process. You must go through the process of being a servant, the process of being a son, and establish a connection with the True Parents. While living centered on God's love on earth, you must be able to pass through to the heavenly kingdom with the nationality of heaven. Only then can you say, 'I have become a son or daughter of God.' Did that happen or not? Did it happen or not? "It did not." You heard that it did happen, right? Huh? "Yes." You heard that, but it's not easy to achieve. You yourself are the same. Such things must be indemnified and restored. To do that, you must step out into the position of being a servant of a servant. There can be no distinction between the talented and the untalented here.

Even these days, I keep getting phone calls while I am in Korea. Those who claim to be someone say, 'Oh, please meet me.' While I appreciate the meeting, my path is busy. I have my work to do. I say, 'The person known as Reverend Moon of the Unification Church cannot treat you based on your current social status and honor.' I cut it off. 

When you understand the principles, you must go through an official process. In solving a math problem, if you add five to ten, you get fifteen, and this answer of fifteen is the same for an old man, a young person, or an elementary school student. So, you must go. But if you say, 'I can't do it because of my prestige. How can I mingle with young people?' then just quit. It would have been better if you hadn't met. But if you meet and get caught in such a standard, and say, 'I can't go,' then that becomes the final path. It's fine if that one person becomes the last, but a situation arises where a group becomes the last. Therefore, I think it is best not to meet as much as possible. Just because of this, you complain and say, 'If it's Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, that's all.' You don't know the true intention behind it.

To walk the true path of faith, you must steadily go through the mainstream. Go through the mainstream. There is a mainstream in both the opposition party and the ruling party, right? Isn't that so? "Yes." There is a mainstream, a mainstream. We must clearly understand the direct path of the mainstream. What that means is you must step out from the position of a servant of a servant to the position of a servant. So how does that happen? When you enter the Unification Church, from the day you enter, even if you are just a dung beetle of an elementary school student, you must say to the person who entered the Unification Church before you, 'I am grateful and wonderful. No matter what you say to me, I will obey.' This is what you should do. Isn't that disappointing? 'I am better than this.' But that better does not connect with God. I know it does not connect. That must be God; if it connects, it is not God. It does not connect.

That is why you go through the position of a servant of a servant. Here, even my relatives have come. My older sister has come too. Not just my aunt, but my sister... I have forgotten all about the family ties. 'Oh, someone who is my relative, someone who is like a sibling to me, it seems strange when they come to the Unification Church. I want to meet them, but since this is my in-law's house and my relative's house, I should be able to enter anytime, but I cannot go in.' You will feel that. Why is that? If you truly understand the Unification Church, that is inevitable, even with relatives. I dislike relatives the most. In fact, I do not like them. If they come and do not set an example, that is an accident. It is an accident. Relatives are relatives, and the church is the church. They are different. Relatives are in a position to be indemnified, and the church is in a position that has been indemnified, so the positions of those who need to be indemnified and those who have been indemnified are different. You must understand that the position of indemnification is different. You must know that.

So what should you do? You must go to the position of a servant of a servant. Whoever becomes my master... If you say, 'I will choose and do this. I will choose and obey,' that cannot happen. When a servant of a servant says, 'Hey! Come here,' you must say, 'Yes,' and go. You must have that kind of heart. That is the history of restoration. The teacher himself has walked that path.

Before I understood this will, I was a smart student in the classroom. I was in a position where I would not lose to anyone in anything, but when I went to school, even if I was at the bottom, I did everything by myself. 'You all play. I will do it alone.' That is what I said. Therefore, you must pass from the position of a servant of a servant. 

After that, the position of a servant awaits. A servant must say, 'If someone governs me and uses me, that is Satan. No matter who says what, I cannot listen to a third party's command. I will not listen to anyone in the world. I will only listen to what heaven directs.' That is how it must be. As a result of following that will and feeling it, on the day it aligns, I will listen, and if not, I will not listen.

A servant must only listen to the master's words. Right? "Yes." When I say I am a servant, I must do everything as if I were the master. I must become a hundred percent qualified in the master's heart, and I must be a hundred percent qualified in the master's favor. When I know what God desires, I will do anything. I have done everything. I have the quality that says I will do anything. When it comes to the will, I will do anything. I have understood what needs to be remembered in God's heart, and I have understood that I must be indispensable in God's work.

This has been the goal I have pursued until now, to discover how to be someone who can connect with a standard that is equal, transcending one nation and reaching the world, anywhere on earth, whether in the world of black people or in underdeveloped nations. It is the same in Korea. No matter how difficult the situation may be, if God says it is okay, it does not matter how much the world slanders. Do you understand? "Yes." You must think that you must become the first person in God's heart and God's work. Only then can you be the representative of the individual, the family, the nation, the state, the world, and also be able to represent the heavenly providence before history, through the past, present, and future. God must need such a person. If there is such a servant, God would want to boast about that servant eternally along with history. Isn't that God's wish? That must be the case. Such a person must exist.

Then, will you, the Reverend Moon of the Unification Church, become such a person? You are coming out with the standard that says you will. If the world opposes, let it oppose... If you think that being opposed is a condition to receive heaven's endorsement, you should be grateful. Isn't that so? Being opposed does not bring blessings; being opposed means losing blessings.

Heaven is on the side of good, so if it strikes a good person, it will attach that good to the good person. If a nation pushes, it will attach based on the blessings of the good nation. If a person standing as a representative before heaven is pushed by the nation, the good blessings that have been attached to the good nation until now will attach to this person. After that, the nation and the people cannot ignore this person. If this person does not save the nation, the nation cannot survive, and if this person does not save the world, the world cannot survive. That is how it will be. Ultimately, the principle of being struck and taken away will apply.

The established church opposed and made a fuss, but they lost all their blessings to the Unification Church. Isn't that right? The Communist Party is opposing the Unification Church now, but just wait and see. In the not-so-distant future, I will drive out the Communist Party entirely. No matter how much the world is in ruin and confusion, this principle will remain. In the context where such laws apply, God will always repeat the history of recreation, and new hopes and aspirations that have never existed in the future will sprout. This is possible because God exists.

Who will fulfill the duties of a servant? Since no one on this earth can do it, I must make the resolution to fulfill the duties of a servant. Not only that, who will fulfill the duties of a son? I must fulfill those duties. It is not about having the hope of becoming the Messiah; it is about being a person who can resolve to dedicate oneself and everything for the Messiah when the Messiah comes. God must seek one person who can represent the nation and the world. Why? Because if the history of Cain and Abel is not unified around the brother, it cannot open the door of the fall that violates the principles of heaven. Therefore, who will do that? Isn't it something that humans must do? The worldwide mission of John the Baptist must also be fulfilled.

So how should we do that? When the Messiah comes, we must become a person who can be a hundred percent suitable for the heart of the Messiah. In one's lifetime, one must become a decisive person who cannot act or discuss without that. Without going through the path of such a person, I believe one cannot meet the Messiah.

If you know the secret to becoming a son of God, you will not perish.
I'm not worried about taking away the mask. If you're going to leave, just go already. Just go. That's it. Even if you go, you'll come back. When you go out, you'll go out standing, but when you come back in, you'll crawl back in. 

The other day when I went down to Busan, I heard from a teacher that since the international mobile unit is coming in this time, there’s a rumor that all the people who died long ago are coming back to life. So I asked, "What do you mean, people who died long ago came back to life? Did they come back from the grave?" I asked, knowing the answer. Then they said, "No. It's people who have been related to the Unification Church since the old days of the small church or people who have come once before, coming back and saying, ‘I was a believer in the Unification Church back then.’ and all of them are just justifying themselves saying they did well." They said that all the ones who had fallen down there are crawling back in again. So I asked, "So what did you do? Did you kick them out, or did you leave them alone?" They were quiet, so I said, "You idiot, why did you leave them alone instead of kicking them out?" But even saying that is how you get indemnity. Isn't that right? So when I was actually giving a lecture in Busan, I wasn't praising the established church; I was attacking them. "It's because you guys are useless. What’s there that I can’t do better than you? You guys! If the older brother can't act like an older brother, the younger brother has to step up and help the older brother!" I attacked them like that. (Laughter) That way, God’s heart can be a little relieved. (Laughter) Who else can relieve the heart of God, which has been patient for 30 years? If the people who came there want to curse, let them curse. Now that I’ve shot once like that, I don’t have to do it in Daegu or anywhere else. (Laughter) Now I'm going on the path of indemnity and restoration. It's all the same.

Even if the teacher goes to prison, they think, "Oh, I’m going to prison again..." When going to prison, they think of it as a palace. Even when going to the place of death, they step forward for the purpose. Isn’t today the life that was prepared to die? Originally, I was supposed to die in my youth, but what regret is there in dying after turning 50? Right now, my activities in America are done with my life on the line, even if you don’t know it. I don’t say such things. If the people in the headquarters see it, their hearts will drop, thinking, "Oh, we need to bring our teacher back quickly." I don’t say such things because I’m worried that those in the Unification Church headquarters might conspire and slander to drive the teacher out of America. That’s right. Right now, the high-ranking people in America are trying to drive me out and are forming associations for that purpose. They think, "If we leave that person like that, America will be in big trouble. Let’s drive him out." Before that, wouldn’t it be good if you all in Korea said, "Hurry up and drive him out"? Then where would I go? I would have to return to Korea. For you, meeting the teacher again is the most important thing, regardless of what happens in the world. Isn’t that right? Such a funny Korean! (Laughter) That’s how Koreans are. So, are you not going to do any demonstrations here, demanding to drive him out? You might demonstrate.

You need to know the path of restoration. If Jesus were to come to this earth, who would He go to? Without a doubt, He would come to Teacher Moon. That’s the first thing. It’s absolutely certain, day or night, consistently and eternally. Isn’t that a good feeling? Don’t fall away from the Unification Church. To meet the Lord, it’s different from the established church pastors. Looking at the 30 years of persecution I’ve endured, God should give me a certificate of commendation, right? (Laughter) That’s true, whether you look at it from Korea or from all over the world.

Recently, the British representative named Dennis was urgently called to come to Korea, and the British intelligence agency recorded the whole thing. So, knowing that Dennis was going to Korea, four people followed him in. And that person was at the Far East Hotel in Busan, where they monitored his activities every day. What kind of robbery are these guys doing! There’s a saying that the British intelligence network surpasses that of the Soviet Union, and since Reverend Moon is so famous, the British intelligence agency cannot afford not to investigate him. They followed me when I was traveling around the world in 1965. So I said, "You guys are busy, but in your busy time, give me some money, and do whatever you want!" (Laughter) 

Well, Korea is already in the past. So, whatever you do, it becomes a global issue. This is definitely going to be a problem. You need to know that Teacher Moon is that kind of teacher. 

Do you know the secret to becoming a son of God? You do! Do you know the secret to becoming a servant? You do! You also know the secret to becoming an adopted child. Because you know that, Reverend Moon has been able to endure suffering for 30 years without failing. If God were to let me fail, wouldn’t everything be blocked? That’s why I take risks. There’s no one who can confront Reverend Moon head-on. They all break down. Now that I’ve been through dozens of years, the facts have turned out that way, so it’s something I know as a matter of course. I’m taking risks. 

Go with the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit on the path of indemnity and restoration. 

Now, if you know that you have paved this path and established the Unification Church on this foundation, then you should reflect on yourselves. Among the members of the Unification Church, there are those who say, "Oh, when the teacher goes to America, I should follow him to America." But from the day the teacher came in, they’ve been saying "America, America!" like a goblin wearing a crown and dancing with a sword, without thinking about the 30 years of struggle the teacher went through to go to America. They don’t think about the 30 years wasted. You need to know that. Nowadays, because the international mobile unit is coming, they think they are coming because they are great, but are you coming because you are great? They are coming here because the teacher has built a foundation of victory over 30 years. They come here and say, "Oh, Korea is the homeland of faith, oh!" But "Externally, I don’t even want to see the homeland twice." That’s the reality. You need to understand that.

That’s why true faith is the path of restoration, and when you stand in the position of a servant of servants, you should establish the thought, "I am grateful to be a servant of servants for even one day." That can work as an indemnity condition for even one day. Do you understand? "Yes." Establish that for even one day, even if you have a heart like a thief. You have to do that for even one day. You need to extend that one day to another day... From the position of a servant of servants, you need to establish a day as a servant, and then what’s next? "As an adopted child." You need to establish a day as an adopted child. And then what’s next? "As a child." A day as a child. Then you have fulfilled all responsibilities.

You need to serve the Three Gods. Do you know what the Three Gods are? In Korean customs, there’s a saying about the Three Gods’ grandmother, right? Just as there’s a saying about bringing in the Three Gods’ grandmother, you need to serve the Three Gods. The Three Gods refer to the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. To serve them, how much do you need to serve? You need to serve to the point where thousands of necks can be cut off. When Jesus was going to the cross, He said, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not as I will, but as you will." Do you do that too? Do you? You can’t just keep your neck in. You can’t just walk around with your eyes open, thinking about how the Unification Church used to be or whatever; all that will flow away. The path I know is not like that. The mainstream path is not like that.

So, establishing a day as a servant of servants, a day as a servant, a day as an adopted child, and a day as a son, you need to do your filial duty from the position of a son with all your life and sincerity. The term "filial son" is established when one gives their life. Only then can you become a true filial son.

Therefore, the Bible says, "Those who seek to save their lives will lose them, and those who lose their lives will save them." Such a miserable saying has come out. That’s a miserable saying. Who would believe in Christianity after hearing that? It’s all paradoxical. It says that those who want to be low will be raised, and those who want to be high will be brought low. Why? Because humans tried to be higher than heaven. So, to enter from the place of death to the place of life, even if you are in a high position, you must say you are willing to die. If you say you want to live and be raised, you will perish, so you must take the opposite path to achieve indemnity and restoration. Do you understand? "Yes."

You need to become someone who can be remembered in God’s heart. 

Among the professors who entered the Unification Church, there was a young man who was the church leader, and I saw that he hadn’t been to school much. So I thought, "That young man, he really has no manners. He doesn’t even recognize people. Is being a church leader all there is?" I felt nauseated... It’s nauseating, but I endure it... Think about how nauseating it must have been for God to save humanity until now. 

You should reflect on yourselves quietly. Even in a position where you want to boast about how great you are, think about how much of a terrible human you are. Your situation is like a wasteland. When you set yourself before heaven and criticize yourself, you are someone who cannot stand before heaven. When you think of this, if you consider the unjust circumstances of heaven that has been enduring for thousands of years to save us, then what I am going through is nothing. You need to have the heart to endure even more than that.

From this standpoint, you need to overcome that. Thus, you must completely occupy God’s heart. When God calls someone, He calls them immediately, even in their sleep, saying, "Hey, so-and-so!" And if something big happens, He calls, "Hey, so-and-so!" Doesn’t He do that for His son? Without entering such a position, you cannot be called a son.

To become a son, God must do that, and the Lord must do that, and the True Parents must do that. You need to be someone who can be remembered in that heart.

When you are remembered in that heart, it will be remembered in heaven’s heart, and that work must become your work as if it were all your goal. It’s not the church’s work. It’s my work. It’s my work. It’s not God’s work; it’s my work. It’s all done by me at the forefront. It’s my work, my work. It’s not the church’s work; it’s my work. If the church has no money, you should take your savings and say, "This is not for me; the church should use this." It’s my work. You must think of it as your work and invest all your resources. That’s what the teacher did. I earned a lot of money, but I don’t want to leave that money in the name of someone like Moon. I leave it in the name of the church.

So you must stand in front. It’s my work, my work. It’s not about saying, "I’ll pray and see what happens." Everything is your work. The work of the nation is my work, and the work of the world is my work. It’s not about praying and seeing what happens. You must become those who can do this.

How much persecution have you endured for the church, how much have you cried for the church, and how much have you suffered because of the church? How much persecution have you faced because of God, how much injustice have you faced, and even if you have fallen into a position where you cannot find a single penny, if it happened because of God, then when you think that the content of that is God’s blessing, being persecuted becomes a blessing, and going through difficulties becomes a blessing. When you enter in the name of God, you might think you will fail, but you won’t. Recently, someone I know said, "Oh, I didn’t expect that Reverend Moon from the Unification Church would turn out like this, and now everything is like this and that..." If you look at it from the world’s perspective, you would think this is success. Right? No matter where I go, whether at night or in the early morning, there is always a place I can sleep and a place I can eat. That would be enough. How did it become like that? Even if I don’t want it, God... If I just fulfill my responsibilities... God is absolutely not someone who puts you in debt. God is someone who, when a person fulfills their responsibilities and even goes beyond that, will provide them with results of victory that are dozens or hundreds of times greater than what they hoped for, worrying about the global preparation base. That’s the kind of person I am, living my life seeing that clearly.

When I come into this headquarters, people say, "What about this and that?" making excuses, saying, "Teacher, please help me." But I don’t want that. If you give 100% of your effort, day or night, and still can’t do it, then discussion is necessary, but the decisive demand cannot be made; that’s the teacher’s philosophy. "Father, please do this for me!" I have never prayed like that before God. I can discuss, saying, "What should I do about this?" 

Among the members of the Unification Church, there are those who deviate from this standard. Even if those people have high dreams and ideals, all of that will flow away. Reverend Moon is not someone who would deal with such things, and God is not someone who would keep them in that position. That will all flow away.

That’s why the mainstream thought is consistent. The mainstream thought is consistent. Whether in the age of servants, the age of adopted children, or the age of sons, it is consistent. Ultimately, it must be in God’s heart, and it must remain centered in all of God’s work, and it must be in the heart of Jesus. The entire life of faith must be unified like that. 

Contribute fully to the Messiah fulfilling His mission. 

Today, what is the biggest issue centered around the Unification Church? If you are in the Unification Church, you must be in the heart of the responsible person. If there is a responsible person in the headquarters church, you must be remembered in the heart of that responsible person. What the headquarters is like is fake. In my view, it’s fake. Before you evaluate what someone is like, think about whether you have done three times more than them. Do three times more. Before you open your mouth to speak, pray three times for them. Those who cannot do that and just complain are fake. They are heretics, heretics. 

No matter how young they are, because the heavenly will comes centered around them... When you are thirsty, if you cannot drink the mainstream water, you should think that you need to drink even the water that flows away. You should think of them as your own son, your own daughter, and like an immature king of a nation, and you should be the one to nurture and protect them. That’s the kind of person who becomes the owner. That’s the kind of person I want. But all those who complain and murmur are all fake.

Therefore, if you are affiliated with a church, you must be able to be in the heart of that church’s leader. You should have the heart to call them "grandfather" if they are a grandfather, "grandmother" if they are a grandmother, and to be able to call someone among the young people. If there is something busy, you should be able to immediately put aside all circumstances and discuss all your stories 100%.
You must become someone who can occupy hearts. When that happens, if you are someone from the local area, you should be remembered in the heart of the president of the headquarters. The stages proceed like that. Next, you should be remembered in the heart of the teacher, and then you should be remembered in the heart of God. This is the path you must take. Those who stray from this path and do this and that are all fakes. They are truly the unfaithful elements of the Unification Church, and you must understand that they are people who have been struck by the arrows of Satan and are wagging their tails. You must understand that the mainstream path is consistent. Do you understand? "Yes." 

Therefore, even if it is just for one day, you must be able to confidently say before the Father that you represented the history in the position of the servant of servants. This must be done from the position of a servant, and it must also be done from the position of a child. No matter how vast the world may be, the principle that I have established centered on God cannot change. History will be guided by this eternal principle, and history will take its direction based on this. You must understand that the true path of faith is sought in discovering yourself who can present yourself from a decisive position and distinguish between good and evil.

You must be a loyal servant of servants, a loyal servant, and a loyal adopted child. If you stand in the position of John the Baptist as an adopted child, you must manage this entire world in this chaotic era and bring order to the communist party and numerous religions. You must also manage countless Christian denominations and eventually unify them all into the Unification Church. Ultimately, this is the responsibility of an adopted child.

You must completely dedicate this to the Messiah who comes to manage it. Then, you will have offered the world, the nation, and the tribes and families to Him, and you will truly become an unforgettable true friend and a close person before me. Only by bringing this in can the Messiah fulfill His mission and return to God.

You will become someone who has made a significant contribution to fulfilling that mission. If blessings are given through that contribution, the Messiah will surely testify before God saying, "Father, the blessings I receive are not because of me but because of them. Therefore, if you love me, you must love them..." You will find yourself in a position where you cannot help but stand. By inheriting the lineage of God's sons and daughters, and then marrying to enter into the realm of blood lineage, you can belong to the governance of that nation, which is the path of restoration. The Unification Church wedding is held in that sense. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." 

You should quietly reflect on whether you have stood even for a day in the position of the servant of servants. 

You must walk the path of restoration through the three stages. You should be grateful for the term "path of restoration." The path of restoration is a way of returning, but how long does it take to return? Does it take a year, or just a few seconds? After one "click," it turns around and "bang," but do you want to root it in a second or in a year? The term restoration has the meaning that it can replace the moment. Therefore, you must repent for one day among the three hundred plus days. Based on the standard of a day where you see the sun and the moon, the night world, and the day world, you must establish a condition of indemnity on that day, a central day in your life. 

During those 24 hours, even if you face an unjust death in the position of the servant of servants, you must go with gratitude, pledging before heaven that you have established the wish of a day that can indemnify the position of the servant of servants. There must be children who can say this, but are there? 

You may not know the true path of faith, but the teacher has had decisive moments through a bloody struggle to climb each stage in the global path of restoration, moments that you may not be aware of. 

Do you have a day as a servant of servants? "I don't like that! I want to go directly, directly, directly." Can you do that? Recently, people connected to established churches or other religions have been saying, "A good world is coming! A good world is coming." But the path of restoration also starts from here (pointing while speaking), and it returns like this. Even though it returns, it started from here. It has come this way. Now, when you come to this point, it feels close. You all know how the future world will be. Those people think they will go like this. "Oh, I will go like this." But that is a mistaken thought. 

You must go through the path of restoration like this. The form must be the same. Do you understand? The form must be the same. This and that are all the same. This is how indemnity works. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." Then what remains here is that there must be a day. If you connect that day, what happens is that you must go through this entire process. When you go through this process, you must pass from the position of the servant of servants to the position of a servant, from a servant to an adopted child, and from an adopted child to the position of a son. 

By establishing the condition that you have gone through such a process, you establish the condition to turn back the 6,000 years of history. Do you understand? Therefore, it is necessary for anyone to establish that condition. The Unification Church must strive to establish this condition, but where do you establish that condition? It is not in the places where you eat and sleep. You must establish it in the midst of fierce battles with Satan, in the triangular zone. You must engage in a fierce struggle between Satan and heaven centered on yourself. Therefore, you must go to the front line. Do you understand what I mean? "Yes." You cannot establish it without going to the front line.

To become a servant of servants and rise to the position of a servant, you must create someone who can replace the servant of servants. That is how it must be. Do you understand? Indemnity and restoration. To rise to the position of a servant, you must create someone who can replace the servant, and to enter the position of an adopted child, you must create someone who can replace the servant. Only then can it become a stepping stone. Do you understand? Then, to rise to the position of a son, you must create someone who can replace the adopted child. This is the three stages of the Unification Church. The instruction to evangelize three people also contains such meaning. Jesus had three disciples; the number three is significant. You must know this and shape your life accordingly.

Therefore, you must walk the sorrowful path that can pass through these three stages as a servant of servants, as a servant, as an adopted child, and up to the position of a son. You must know that this is your path of restoration, and what is the true nature of this path? "The path of faith!" Do you understand? The true path of faith! Ultimately, the Unification Church must walk the true path of restoration. To do that, you must indemnify. You must indemnify the servant of servants, then the servant, and then the adopted child. To indemnify the adopted child, must you be better than them or not? "You must be better." You must be better. 

So how do you do that? You must examine how you can be remembered emotionally in God's heart, centered in one heart. 

Walk the difficult path without changing. 

From that perspective, you must know well where you stand. You all know where you will go in the spirit world, what kind of heaven you will go to. All Unification Church members know this. You know where you are going. If you don’t know, that is fake. You know where you are going. You know what position you are in. There is no need for explanation. You don’t need to say much. There is no need to ask. Do you know or not? "We know." Do you know or not? "We know." Those who do not know should die! They should die! They should go to hell! You must not be ignorant. 

You know, right? Do you know or not? 

So who are you complaining about? Who are you asking for help? Everyone is busy with their own paths. Teacher Moon is busy with his own path. Do you understand? When I come to Korea, I would like to rest a bit, but you come in without even knocking. Even at night, you say, "Are you there, Teacher? You are!" Even though it’s cold, you sit down without being told to sit. "Since I came in the morning, I should eat dinner too." What kind of attitude is that! (laughter) I didn’t teach you that. "What do you mean Teacher is busy!" Well, Mrs. Seok-on comes and says let’s play. (laughter) They all like that. If you interpret it that way, everything will go smoothly. 

You will now understand these things. Therefore, the true path of faith is truly difficult. The true means it should not change. Spring, summer, autumn, and winter do not exceed their limits, which is why summer can come. When spring is full, summer comes. Summer does not come arbitrarily. When summer reaches its limit, autumn comes. That is why autumn comes. If you let it go arbitrarily, autumn will not come. Autumn comes because it reaches its limit, and winter comes because autumn reaches its limit. Spring comes because winter reaches its limit. Therefore, the seasons that do not change become spring, summer, autumn, and winter, which is why they can be called true seasons. Isn’t that right? The same goes for you. The true does not change.

When you first entered the Unification Church, whether it was day or night, you were all running around as if living for a purpose, but after about ten years, you think, "Oh, I’ve seen it all! I’ve seen it all. It’s nothing special. Just have children, and after all this, it’s the church." That’s what you should see. (laughter) See how much of a mess that becomes….

You know that, and you will know it well. The true path of faith is truly difficult. It is a path that cannot be done freely. Everything must be aligned. Hoping that you will leave such a path in your life, I will conclude my words. 

<Prayer> Loving Father, we have come to understand the unfortunate fact that You have become powerless because there is a path of restoration that no one knows. We know that because You have drawn a chaotic historical process that no one can find, You have produced results that make You appear indifferent and bewildered. When we come to know that there has been such a difficult path of indemnity and restoration, history has become certain, and we have realized how certain this era has become.

We did not realize this tremendous fact that You have been anxious for 6,000 years to drop anchor before us in our living environment. Merciful Father, we did not know that You would not have been able to endure until today if You had not made patience and overcoming the focus of Your life. We did not realize that Your hardships are soaked in the environment in which we live, and that the traces of Your tearful struggles remain on our bodies. We did not know that Your holy craftsmanship and the valley of holy death are hidden in the historical blood lineage path where I was born. Father, in this suffocating and breathless historical path, it seemed that suffocation was the only fate You could endure, but when we consider the heart of the Father who has endured for thousands of years, we feel once again how impatient and reckless humanity is.

Father, You have nurtured the Unification Church. You have established the Unification Church. We believe that You have guided the Unification Church. Father, we thank You for allowing this Unification Church, which was supposed to be thrown into the gutter in Korea without a trace, to now lift its head and prepare a historical moment to revisit this nation.

The Unification Church, which was opposed from Busan, the Unification Church that was attacked from Daegu, the day when over 70 people gathered in the Daegu Presbytery and decided that the Unification Church was a heresy feels like just yesterday, but we thought that was the end of it. However, we must realize that today is the decisive day when You have raised insignificant things to attack the city of Daegu. When we think that it is now the time to open the gates of heaven and attack at three o'clock today, we recognize that this is Your legacy, Your public foundation, and the remnants of those You have called, so the words we convey must be Your words.

Even if there is a heart filled with vengeance, we must suppress it and understand Your heart that wants to love and seek, and we must have a heart of patience as we face them. The time is approaching when we must convey how You called the gathered crowd to Your bosom. When we think that this child has a story to tell about how You called the gathered crowd to Your bosom, we earnestly hope that only Your heart can be immersed in that environment.

From a human perspective, it is a place that cannot be spoken of, and from a human perspective, it is a place where one cannot contain their anger, but because we know Your heart and what it means to become Your sons and daughters, we have come to understand that we must comply with the path that does not tarnish the tradition of Your nation. Therefore, just as Jesus did, we must solemnly tread the path of destiny that we can take, and we earnestly hope and desire that You will govern all things today.

Young people from abroad who have come to visit, please allow them not to feel any resentment during their time in this land. This country, which they came to calling it the homeland of faith, must become a proud nation before Your will, a proud people, and a Unification Church group that inherits a proud tradition. This is a historical and undeniable fact. It is time to set things right through judgment and all criticism, so we must become those who have no shame before those who have come from abroad, and we earnestly hope that this will be clearly revealed during this period. If we cannot stand in such a position, we must become a humble group that can be absorbed and guided by humility.

Standing in the position of Cain, knowing that Abel leads Cain to heaven, we earnestly hope and desire to become good people who can follow the one path of obedience and receive support for our shortcomings.

Father, bless the nation You have left behind, and may the international mobile units fighting in this country for over 40 days bring down Your new fire upon this land and raise the history of the resurrection of life. Open the closed hearts and let the ancestors...
May this period be one in which we can resolve our grievances, receive the benefits of the times, and cultivate a humble national spirit. I hope it will be a time when we can deeply cherish and serve the Father, repent for our past unfaithfulness and disobedience, and establish a humble national attitude. I earnestly wish that this can become an opportunity to defend the communist world in the North. I know that without your protection and guidance, this lonely nation's future has no way to survive. I sincerely hope that you will allow us to realize that we cannot trust in people. As we each become aware of the heavy and significant responsibility that the Unification Church carries at the forefront of such an attitude, I earnestly ask that the members of the Unification Church in Korea live each day as a victorious day, returning the fruits of that significant day to the Father. I also earnestly request that you extend your uniform love and blessings to all your countless children who are praying for this and to all those working hard overseas. I pray all these things in the name of the True Parents. Amen.

**New Hope for Humanity**
— Words from the Hope Day Grand Festival Daegu Assembly —
I sincerely thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for gathering here today. I also apologize to the many guests outside this venue. I know that you have made great efforts to listen to my words despite difficult circumstances. I sincerely hope that you will participate with a joyful heart.

As you all know, the person standing here is none other than Moon Sun-myung. (Applause and cheers) I understand that I have been a subject of much controversy and that many of you have been quite curious about me. I may not be someone remarkable, but I sincerely hope that you will see me clearly and evaluate me well today. (Applause) I apologize for my hoarse voice.

Today, I would like to share my thoughts with you on "A New Hope for Humanity" and "A New Future for Humanity."

**Conditions for a New Future for Humanity**
To achieve a new future, we already know that what humanity has pursued and desired until now is not sufficient. For a new future to be realized, a new person must emerge. This new person will not simply arise from the ever-changing humans who cannot surpass their limits today, but rather, there must be an absolute and unchanging being through whom the new person can emerge.

So, who is that being? We cannot help but say that it is God. By knowing God from a new perspective, a new person can finally appear. Thus, we believe that a new future can be formed.

Throughout history, humanity has never ceased to pursue eternal and unchanging true love, ideals, happiness, and peace. However, as you all know, in this era of conflict and change, we have lost the possibility of finding the ideal conditions for love, happiness, and peace that humanity has pursued. Moreover, we are now facing a dead end, suffocating against a wall.

Despite all efforts, humanity finds itself in a miserable reality where it has lost even the possibility of fulfilling the true love, true ideals, true happiness, and true peace that it truly desires. 

Here, we recognize that if there is an eternal, unchanging, and absolute being beyond the changing human condition, that being cannot be anyone other than the God we know. If God exists, then God must be the center of true hope, true happiness, true peace, and true love that humanity desires. God is the king of love, the king of ideals, happiness, and peace. 

In order for God and humanity to enter a place where they share the same standard of hope and the same aspirations, we must clearly understand where true love begins and where true ideals, true happiness, and true peace originate. Without this understanding, we cannot fulfill the ideal conditions that humanity desires.

**God's Love, Ideals, Happiness, and Peace are Possible Through Human Beings**
If God exists, can God fulfill love alone? No, God cannot do that alone. Can God fulfill ideals alone? Can God enjoy happiness and peace alone? No, God cannot do that either.

As you know, love is not something achieved alone. Ideals, happiness, and peace are not realized in isolation but in relational contexts. Therefore, to fulfill God's ideals, there must be a counterpart. To complete God's love, there must also be a counterpart. Without a counterpart, God's happiness and peace cannot be realized. What can God do with love, ideals, happiness, and peace if God is alone? It can only be possible by establishing a counterpart.

From this perspective, if we ask who in this universe can be God's counterpart, we know well that there is no other being capable of being God's object other than human beings.

Today, we may think of ourselves as insignificant beings, but we must realize that without each individual, God's love cannot be completed, God's ideals cannot be fulfilled, and God's happiness and peace cannot be achieved. We must recognize that we are beings of higher value capable of completing God's love, ideals, happiness, and peace.

I want to ask you one thing. Many of you here are middle-aged or older. When you were young and looking for a partner, did you want someone less capable than yourself or someone more capable? I believe you would all give a common answer: it is natural to want a partner who is better than oneself, regardless of gender or age. Furthermore, I believe many loving parents are present here. No parent wishes for their beloved children to be less capable than themselves.

For example, if a handsome couple has a child who may not look like them, if someone praises that child by saying, "Your son or daughter is more wonderful than you," the parents' faces would light up with joy. This shows that it is a natural desire for parents to wish for their beloved children to surpass them.

**God's Desire for Eternal, Unchanging, Absolute, and Unique Counterparts**
When we consider this fact, we must ask, "Whom do humans resemble today?" Humans are undoubtedly not causal beings but rather result-oriented beings. Humans are born from some cause. Therefore, as result-oriented beings, they cannot be connected in a position that is contrary to their cause. The most theoretical outcome is one that resonates with the cause.

So, who do humans resemble when they desire a counterpart who is better than themselves, and when they wish for their beloved children to be better than themselves? It is because the causal God desires that, and as a result, humans, who are born as result-oriented beings, cannot help but demand the same.

If we ask God, "What about you? Do you wish for your object to be better than you?" how do you think God would respond? There cannot be a God who says, "I am God, so I wish for my object to be less capable." Furthermore, if God is in the position of a parent to humanity, when we ask, "Do you wish for your children to be less capable than you?" God cannot answer, "I wish for them to be less capable." God, too, must wish for the object to be better than Himself, and God must wish for His children to do better than Himself. This conclusion is inevitable, just as we humans cannot help but demand the same. (Applause)

You, who have gathered here today, have until now thought of yourselves as worthless beings. You have regarded yourselves as beings without value. However, upon reflection, we realize that when God wishes to elevate an object to His level, He desires that object to be more excellent than Himself. When He wishes to elevate His children, He desires them to be better than Himself. This is God's demand. Therefore, humanity, which has lost its inherent value, must seek to reclaim its noble and dignified human authority.

Even if there is a person who seems worthless, they possess characteristics that no one can infringe upon. Whether they are capable or not, they are God's sons and daughters. Centered on God's love, they can possess equal value and must restore their inherent human value. This is the inevitable mission of humanity. Even if you forget everything I have said today, please remember that God wishes for us to become such noble beings.

Until now, modern theology has concluded that the Creator and the created cannot stand on equal ground. If that is the case, what can God do with love? What can God do with ideals? What can God do with happiness? Without humanity, God's love is unnecessary. God's ideals are unnecessary. God's happiness and peace are unnecessary. We must understand that these things only become necessary in the presence of humanity.

God is eternal, absolute, unique, and unchanging. Therefore, when we stand in the position of such an object, do we wish to change? No, we do not. We desire to possess the value of a unique, unchanging, and absolute object.

In today's fallen human world, even the fallen human desires that their beloved remain eternal. They wish for their beloved to be the only one. They do not want their beloved to change. Even fallen humans demand the eternal, unchanging, absolute, and unique nature of their beloved. Would the God who is the center of the universe wish for His object of love to change? No, that cannot be. Would He wish for the existence of His object to be limited? No, He desires it to be absolute. We must understand that He wishes for the existence of His object to be unchanging.

From this perspective, if we clearly understand that today, our lives are God's objects and that we are His sons and daughters who can receive His love, then we must recognize that the concept of eternal life is a highly theoretical conclusion.

**The Origin of True Love, Ideals, Happiness, Peace, and the Origin of the Fall**
I wonder if there are any among you here who do not believe in religion, but when you discover that you stand in the position of a human being who can regard God as the subject and Father, you must understand that being able to be the object of His love, ideals, peace, and happiness means that you will attain eternal life. If you think that those living on this earth will simply live for 70 or 80 years and then pass away, that is a misunderstanding. Because God is eternal, humanity must stand in the position of His eternal object and children, which is why humanity must attain eternal life. We must understand that we are meant to attain eternal life.

Now you have understood the subject-object relationship where God is the subject and humanity is the object. Now, what is the next issue that arises? There is something that the wise King God cannot overlook, which is the question of where to place the origin of true love, true ideals, true happiness, and true peace.

Now the issue is that we must clearly understand the origin of true love. Without realizing the origins of true ideals, true happiness, and true peace, we cannot participate in and achieve God's eternal love, ideals, happiness, and peace. Therefore, the wise King God must consider where to place the origin of all these things.

When viewed from the perspective of the subject, there are two directions: one where the object serves the subject and another where the subject serves the object.

If the principle is established that the object must serve the subject, and if anyone standing in the position of the subject adopts that stance, then this world cannot form a unified world. It will lead to division.

Therefore, when the wise King God considers where to place the origin of happiness, He must place the origin of true love, true happiness, true ideals, and true peace in a way that allows the subject, God Himself, to exist for the object. 

**The Principle of Creation is to Exist for Others**
What is the fall of humanity? The fall of humanity is the result of centering on oneself and seeking to exist for oneself. Adam and Eve were meant to exist for God in the Garden of Eden, yet they stood in a position where they sought to have everything serve themselves, despite God existing for humanity. This is the origin of the fall. Here, humanity and history have been turned upside down.

A person who is self-centered is proud when viewed individually. When we look at the leaders of a nation, if they stand in a position where the entire nation exists for themselves, or if they stand in a position where the whole world exists for them, those who advocate such a stance will be concluded to be dictators. Thus, we must understand that the wise King God established the principle of "exist for others" at the time of creation. (Applause)
There have been many men who have come here, and the question is, why were men born at all? If you ask, "Why were men born?"... you have lived up until now with the thought that "a man is a man, born for himself. If I am from Daegu, I live proudly with authority, not envying anyone, and I was born for myself and live for myself." However, when you examine the essence, it is not so.

The reason men were born is not because of men themselves. Men were born because there is a counterpart, women. Men were born to represent women. Essentially, men were born for women. Women were not born for themselves either. Women were born for men. They were born with the position to care for each other.

You may have taken a bus or something to come to this gathering today. Men have broad shoulders, and women have wider hips, so when they sit together in a bus seat, it fits perfectly. This indicates that they are in a position to complement and support each other. No matter how accomplished a man is, he was not born for himself. He was born for women. No matter how beautiful a woman is, she was not born for herself. She was born for men. We cannot ignore the fact that the origin of existence began with the purpose of caring for others.

From this perspective, we can find a fundamental principle of how God created the ideal world. True love can only start from existing for others, the ideal partner can only manifest from existing for others, peace can only be achieved from existing for others, and happiness can only be realized from existing for others. I hope you remember this today.

For example, what kind of person is a true parent? What exactly is a true parent? There is no separate category for true parents. They were born for their children, they live for their children, and they can die for their children. A parent who stands in a position to dedicate everything for their children is a parent of true love, true ideals, true happiness, and true peace. We must understand that only in existing for others can eternal, unchanging love, ideals, happiness, and peace be established.

Where can we find true couples? Where can we find couples with true love and ideals? The conclusion is the same. A husband is born for his wife, lives for his wife, and dies for his wife. A wife is born for her husband. She lives for her husband and dies for her husband. It is not about living for oneself.

If such couples appear, they can receive God's love, become the object of God's peace, and become the substantial embodiment of God's ideals. They are undoubtedly true and eternal ideal couples, couples of love, partners of peace, and happiness.

Patriots, saints, God, and heaven are all achieved through existing for others. We must understand that God, being the king of wisdom, established such principles of creation. True love can only emerge from existing for others, and true ideals, true happiness, and true peace can only be established in this way. I hope you can understand this.

Then, what kind of person is a true patriot? The same applies here. A person is born for their country, lives for their country, and does not live for themselves. They live for their country. They die for their country. Such a person cannot help but be a patriot. If we were to select such a person, they would undoubtedly be someone like Admiral Yi Sun-sin.

Expanding the scope further, we can also find who the true saints in human history are by applying this principle. When we look through this principle, Jesus Christ must be the greatest among saints. Some of you may not be Christians, but let me explain why.

Just before he was crucified, despite being surrounded by Roman soldiers and all those who opposed him, Jesus did not curse or mock them like an ordinary person would. Instead, he prayed for his enemies until the end. He was born for humanity, lived for humanity, and even as he died, he loved those who opposed him and prayed for them. There has never been anyone like him in history, and because he represents the essence of existing for others, it is reasonable to conclude that Jesus Christ is the greatest among saints.

From here, we must understand one thing through this principle: God is a being who exists for others. For six thousand long years, He has worked to save humanity, yet countless people have inflicted various kinds of abuse and persecution upon Him. However, He has come forth for humanity while enduring all of this. This fact cannot be denied.

Since God is such a central being, what kind of organization exists in the heaven where God resides? The structure is simple. Those who can go to heaven or paradise are not those who lived for themselves. Such people cannot go there. Heaven is the place where those who were born for the whole and lived for the whole go.

You may not have experienced the spiritual world, but I have experienced many spiritual realms through heavenly grace. When you enter that world, there is not a single person who lives for themselves. All those who lived for God and humanity are in that world.

Because God established these ideal principles and origins, the land of the original homeland must be a world created by that law. Therefore, for the countless people who seek to find that world, it is inevitable that such laws of the homeland must be taught on this earth.

If we summarize the entirety of the Old and New Testaments, it concludes with "exist for others." The stage for training to teach this law on earth is what we call religion. What is religion? It is to train individuals to adapt to the laws of their homeland when they return to their original home, to cultivate a character that can live according to those laws. This is the essence of religious life today.

The higher the religion, the less it emphasizes itself. The higher the religion, the more it emphasizes gentleness and humility. Furthermore, it emphasizes sacrificial service. Why must it be this way? Because that is the law of the homeland. Humans are, after all, like travelers seeking their homeland, so to train them to live according to the laws of their homeland, higher religions have taught the lesson of sacrifice.

When we look at the historical religions that have continued this mission, we cannot deny that God has governed through religion throughout history.

Today, whether you are religious or non-religious, whether you can enter the world of the homeland or go to heaven depends on whether you have lived more for others or for yourself throughout your life. Based on this, you will go to good places or bad places. You know this well. There is no need to ask. You know it well.

Therefore, even though you have lived for yourself until now, if you understand this principle and can now live for the Republic of Korea, humanity, and God, if your life becomes more about living for others than for yourself, it is inevitable that you will go to a good spiritual realm.

In countless religions, no matter how many scriptures there are, everything concludes with the two words "exist for others." If we summarize all 66 books of the Old and New Testaments, it all ends with "exist for others." Jesus said, "I did not come to be served, but to serve." He spoke with this thought in mind. Why? Because God established the principles of creation and the ideal standard to exist for others. Therefore, the son of heaven, who must represent the principles of the original world, must do so. That is why he emphasized that he came to serve. "Whoever wants to be exalted will be humbled, and whoever humbles themselves will be exalted." He said, "There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends." The conclusion is simply "exist for others." Here, heaven can manifest, and God can manifest. We can clearly infer through the scriptures that God's love, peace, happiness, and ideals can manifest.

No matter how much one has attended church, a person who does not know how to care for others cannot enter heaven. It is absolutely impossible. A true friend is one who knows how to care for their friends.

That is why everyone here today must exist for others. Only there can God, the center of principles, be found, and God operates through that foundation, determining His objects from that place. The sons and daughters of God are also determined from that place. We must understand that it cannot be established anywhere else. This is the problem.

Today, all humans say, "It must fit my heart." Everything must fit my heart. Husbands must fit my heart, in-laws must fit my heart, schools must fit my heart, and society must fit my heart. This way of thinking has taken root. We must turn this around. Without turning this around, we cannot manifest the world that God desires or the people that God desires on this earth. We cannot find the families that God desires, the tribes that God desires, the nations that God desires, or form humanity as God desires. Now, I believe you have understood this principle of existing for others.

The reason for establishing the principle of existing for others
Now, let us delve a step deeper. Why could God not help but establish the principle of existing for others? This is the question. Why must it be for others? This is what young people today dislike the most. "Oh, why should I live for others when I am so inadequate?" They think this is the most unpleasant thing to hear. Here, one issue arises: Why could God not help but establish the principle of existing for others? We must unravel this fundamental question.

So let me mention a few conditions. Let me ask you one thing. Is there anyone among you who has truly indebted their life to someone else 100 percent? When you want to repay that debt, do you want to put 50 percent in your pocket and repay only 50 percent, or do you want to repay 100 percent or more? Please answer. Everyone would say, "I want to repay 100 percent or more." This desire exists because we can return to the heavenly kingdom. Without this desire, salvation and everything else would be impossible. There is not a single person who wants to harm someone who truly cares for them. Because of this, those who truly care for others can all be saved.

God truly cares for humanity, and when humanity realizes that God cares for them 100 percent, they will repay all their debts to God. When that happens, all of humanity can be saved. This conclusion is established.

For example, if I have truly benefited person B 100 percent, and if he has received that benefit in a true sense, he will repay that benefit with 110 percent of his sincerity. If person A has given person B 100 percent, the return will increase to 110 percent. Do you understand? When we see that person B repays with 110 percent, person A wants to give 120 percent. That desire leads to person A repaying 120 percent. Thus, the more we give and receive, the more it increases, forming an eternal law of motion. This is where the concept of eternity is established. We must understand this. The concept of eternity is established here. Isn't that right? When you apply the same force in motion, it gradually diminishes, but because we apply more force, the motion continues eternally. Not only is eternal motion formed, but new developments also emerge from here. In other words, prosperity begins from there.

Because God knows these principles and laws... only in existing for others is there eternal life, and where there is eternal life, there is prosperity. Therefore, the wise king, God, could not help but establish the law to exist for others.

Next, let’s say there are eight family members in your household. Among those eight, if the youngest sibling is the one who cares for the family, who cares for the parents, and who is willing to dedicate everything, including their life, for the family, what kind of existence will that youngest sibling become if they continue to live like that? You must understand that such a sibling will inevitably emerge as the central being of that household. This is something we did not know today.

Moreover, the young people present here may think, "Caring for others is tiring." However, those who try to live for others become the central beings. When electing a leader who can represent the Republic of Korea today, the one who cares for the Republic of Korea more than anyone else becomes the central being. The principle that those who exist must be chosen as central beings is established here.

The God who created heaven and earth exists for the universe. Because He exists for others, He is the eternal central being. Because He exists eternally for others, He becomes the eternal central being.

Similarly, because humans are created in the image of God, a person who resembles God must be established as a central being. Therefore, it is inevitable that they become central beings; this is a fixed law. You must understand that.

Furthermore, the young men and women present here must care for the entire school if they are in school...
If you become that, you will become the exemplary student of that school. You will become a central being. This is a truth that needs no further explanation.  
Then what becomes possible? Up until today, the world has been divided into rulers and the ruled; this is the problem. There are those who rule and those who are ruled, and this has emerged as a difficult issue in politics until now. How will we resolve this? That is the question.  
When you stand in a position where you can truly care for others and a central being emerges, there is nothing beyond being subject to that central being. Today, you may see being subject to others as a shame, but if you are subject to someone who truly cares for you, there is no greater happiness than that. For example, when you go to the spirit world, there is no greater happiness than being subject to God, the eternal central being who exists for all creation. Once you are subject to that, you will want to be subject for a thousand years or ten thousand years. Similarly, we have not realized how happy it is to live under the guidance of someone who truly cares for you.  
Then what is the third point? Today, we humans have thought that love, ideals, and such are all ours. We have thought of them as our own. Anyone easily thinks that love is my love, happiness is my happiness, and if there are ideals, they are my ideals. But that is not the case. Love does not start from oneself. Ideals do not come from oneself.  
So where does love come from?  
Love comes from the object. Without an object, there is no love. Without an object, there are no ideals. Without an object, there can be no happiness or peace. This must come through the object. Because love and ideals, which are more precious than one's own life, come from the object, one must humbly prepare for that object to receive those precious things. Therefore, God cannot help but establish the principle of serving with a bowed head.  
In serving, there is eternity, in serving, there is prosperity, in serving, the center appears, in serving, the origin of peace and unity emerges, and in serving, true love and ideals are formed. This is why we must understand that God established the principle of existence for the sake of serving.  
What is the Unification Church?  
Now, everyone, what exactly is the Unification Church? This is the question. What does the Unification Church do? You may be curious about this. Even though the established churches have opposed it for nearly 30 years, saying things about Moon, the Unification Church remains silent and is said to be dead.  
If we look at it centered around God, the established churches are the older brothers. The Jewish church is the eldest brother, the Christian church is the second brother, and the Unification Church is the third. This is how I think about it. Just like the older brothers who tried to kill Joseph in the past, they say it out of spite. They ask for food, or they ask for a place to sit, or something else...  
However, not speaking does not mean they have no mouths, and not fighting does not mean they have no fists. When we see the law of a thousand miles, it is because they understand the principle of existing for the sake of others. Therefore, the Unification Church has followed this principle. Whether it is day or night, even if opposed, they say, "I don't know." God has forgiven those who oppose out of ignorance, so we cannot curse those who oppose the Unification Church out of ignorance.  
Today, if you look, young people from the West or young people from Japan are secretly approaching Korea. You may feel uncomfortable just hearing the word Japanese, right? I feel the same way. I am someone born of the Korean people, and I do not want to fall behind in patriotism more than anyone else.  
Why would those people follow Koreans if Koreans are not that great? Why would Westerners, who are struggling and not very good-looking, follow Koreans?  
However, what the Unification Church advocates is a solution that humanity must seek in this world of confusion and conflict, a solution that aligns with the principles of a thousand miles, human ethics, and social history. They follow this path because they know that if they do not go now, they will have to go in the future.  
So what do young people in the Unification Church educate about today? They know that the secret of creation is here, that love and ideals are here. If you want to meet God, if you want to have God's love, if you want to participate in God's peace and happiness, you must become a person who exists for the sake of others. There is nothing else. It is not that Teacher Moon is great or has good means or abilities. It is because God can be with us and cannot help but follow that path of thought that individuals must also have that thought, and families must also have that thought...  
When individuals become such, if someone tries to strike them down, those around them will rise up and support that person. If the Unification Church spreads more in Korea and becomes known in all directions, and if it follows such ideal principles, when the established churches oppose it, if the Unification Church remains silent, there will come a day when non-believers will enter and fight against the established churches. That day will come.  
Heaven does not take by force; it conquers by being struck and receiving compensation. This is the law of heaven. That is serving. When someone who serves others is invaded, they must pay compensation. The Unification Church exists for this nation, this people, humanity, the world, and God more than any other organization. If you attack such a church, you will lose all the blessings you have accumulated and will only leave with an empty shell. You must understand this. Isn’t it the same in schools? If there are people who oppose a kind student who works for the whole, the classmates oppose them, and the teacher says, "You rascal!"  
Therefore, after knowing such a secret of a thousand miles, there is no doubt. I am the founder of the Unification Church, but I have nothing. My face is not that handsome. I am just one person from Korea, but the thought I advocate is a thought that can be supported by the heavenly principles, and that is the issue. Even if I am buried in a pit or a sewer, I will still reach out from that sewer.  
While being opposed, when did I lay the groundwork that no one else could follow? Did I do something like a bank gang? I have no such talent. Did I cheat anyone? I have no such talent. I have no talent for seducing married women. The only thing I have is to live for the sake of others. Today, on this desert-like land, there must be at least one person who knows the will of heaven and does such work. That is what I believe.  
Among you who are present today, there may be those who have seen our Unification Church international mobilization members working hard. Even if they are rejected once, they come back again and again. Even if they are cursed, they pretend not to hear and come back with a smile. Why is that? It is not because they have no feelings. It is not because they do not know how to get angry. It is because they know very well that they must establish the principle of a thousand miles, that this is the only way to fulfill God's will. At first, they may have approached with doubt, criticism, and scorn, but as time goes on, they realize that those people are true, and because they know they are better than themselves, they naturally follow them.  
Think about it. The Roman Catholic Church and the Greek Orthodox Church fought for 950 years. They say they want to unite in this confusion, but it is impossible to unite. Furthermore, the Protestant churches have split into over 400 sects, each claiming to be better than the other, so there is no way to unite.  
So how will the Unification Church unite? It is simple. If the established church pastors love their congregants more than the Unification Church's Teacher Moon loves his congregants, they can become one. The problem lies there. Furthermore, if the congregants of the established church love their pastor more than our Unification Church congregants love that pastor, they can become one. Isn’t this the true lesson left by Jesus? "Father, not my will, but yours be done." There can be no personal will. The essence of Christianity is that which exists for the sake of others, and it cannot establish heavenly principles otherwise. When I went to the spirit world and tested everything, I found that there was nothing else.  
Why is it that the United States has become embroiled in the ideology of a persecuted figure in Korea in such a short time? Why has it become embroiled? There is nothing else. To fulfill God's will, I must make the American people love me more than the Korean people love me. To do that, I must love the American people as much as I love the Korean people. Can that be done? If it can, then I can move that nation and unify it.  
In other words, as long as that nation exists for the sake of others, as long as that church exists for the sake of others, as long as that family exists for the sake of others, can I do it? If I can, then it is possible. There is nothing else.  
When the true meaning of serving collides with the great cause, it unknowingly becomes one. When such an organization is established, it becomes united. Once people establish such a relationship, they do not separate but continue to expand. Because they discovered the fact that they expand through a reflexive action, I have presented a sensational issue as an Eastern person in America. Because God has a purpose to establish a world that serves, I believe that God inevitably brought about such results.  
So who is the true human being that God seeks? It is the person who lives for the sake of others, 100%. This is the person God wants to meet.  
What kind of family does God want to meet? It is a family that lives for each other. God will come to that family. Is that true or not? There is a Korean proverb that says, "Harmony in the family brings success in everything." It is undoubtedly true.  
What kind of tribe does God seek? It is a tribe that can unite for the sake of others, day and night. That is the tribe we want to create.  
What kind of nation does God want to meet? It is a nation that lives not for itself but for the world. It is a nation that wants to live for God and humanity. That is the nation we seek. That nation is none other than the ideal nation. If this world transcends borders, ethnicities, and nationalities to become a world that can serve each other, and if humanity stands in such a place, then God will be in that world. That is the ideal world.  
Among the Beatitudes, it says, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God." To make peace, one must serve. Those who serve here and serve there are included in the circle of God's children.  
Today, Christianity says, "Oh, the kingdom of heaven is at hand..." but it is all about God. It is higher than God. Such Christianity, when viewed through the lens of the principles of a thousand miles, must perish. You must understand this. No matter how much they say they will not perish, they will. This must be prevented.  
Through this principle, we can conclude that humans can establish a step-by-step law or principle to reach the ideal world, the kingdom of God.  
So what is the issue here? When a man exists, if he lives for his wife, he is an ideal husband. When a wife lives for her husband, she is an ideal wife. That couple does not live for themselves. They live for the family. When the couple exists for the family, lives for the family, and dies for the family, that couple becomes the couple loved by God.  
And that family does not live for its own sake. That family lives for relatives, neighbors, and the community. That relative does not live for their own sake. They live for the nation. That nation does not live for its own sake. It must live for the world. Such a nation will not perish.  
How should the world live? It must live for God. The world must exist for the sake of God. The world that exists for God becomes God's world. Therefore, the sons and daughters of that world must advance to a position where they can serve the world to become the sons and daughters of God. Living for oneself and only for one's own family does not make one a child of God. Only when one can stand in a position to serve the world can one become a child of God. By serving in that position as a child of God, God becomes ours, and God exists for us.  
We have concluded this official path. I exist for the sake of the other, the couple exists for the family, the family exists for the tribe, the tribe exists for the nation, the nation exists for the world, the world exists for God, and God exists for us. This is the ideal.  
The difference between communism and theism  
Today, the communist way is, "What is yours is mine, and what is mine is mine." Such an ideology will perish. In contrast, God's ideology is, "What is mine is yours, what is mine is for the family, what is for the family is for the tribe, what is for the tribe is for the nation, what is for the nation is for the world, what is for the world is for God, and what is God's is mine." This is God's ideology. Here, the utopia that humanity desires, all hopes, and the manifestation of happiness, love, and ideals are possible. This is a world that we humans have truly not known today.  
We must discover that we are the filthy selves that live for ourselves, which cannot guarantee even one era and will perish. When we abandon this decadent thought that lives for oneself and inherit the thought of existing for the sake of others according to the heavenly principles, when individuals appear, they become the citizens of heaven; when families appear, they become heavenly families; when nations appear, they become heavenly nations; and when the world appears, it becomes the heavenly world.  
Look. Starting from 1957, the Soviet Union and China began to split. The method of the Communist Party is to dominate the communist world centered around the Slavic people. "Serve us." If they split, they will break. They cannot exist. From there, the communist world will also divide.
Today, the United States is isolated in the world, and to avoid this, the U.S. must be in a position to serve the world even if it fails as a leading country in the free democratic world. Then, the U.S. will not fail. (Applause) If the U.S., as this central nation of the world that must serve the world, places itself above the world, it will begin to plummet from now on. There will be no way to recover. If the American people sacrifice themselves according to the principles of heaven for the 4 billion humanity, for the world, then they will save the world and more. (Applause)

God's Will and Jesus' Desire
I believe many of you here are Christians. What is God's will? It is not to seek a few hundred million Christians. God's will is the salvation of humanity. The salvation of humanity is God's will. (Applause) It is not God's will to serve Presbyterianism, Methodism, or Catholicism. We must wait for a denomination that, even if it sacrifices its own sect, is willing to save humanity and can endure all kinds of humiliation. (Applause, Cheers)

Let’s look at a well-known verse from the Bible that you have known since elementary school and Sunday school. John 3:16 says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." What did He love? Did He love Presbyterianism or Christianity? No. He loved the world, referring to the world. (Applause) What is the desire of the only begotten Son? Is it the Lord of the Presbyterian Church, the Lord of the Holiness Church, or the Lord of the Catholic Church, who are fighting with resentment and jealousy? This is not Jesus' desire. No matter how much I investigate, it is not. Even if I ask hundreds of times, it is all not that.

What is Jesus' desire? "My desire is to stand in the position of the Savior who can save the world beyond denominations." I am sure He thinks that way. (Applause) These sectarians, these factionalists, will ultimately receive divine punishment. They must perish. No matter how much they struggle, they will perish. You must understand that. When asking Jesus, "Will you be the Lord of Christianity, or will you abandon Christianity to be the Lord of the world?" He would answer, "I will become the Lord of the world even if I abandon Christianity." (Applause) You must understand that.

Furthermore, when asking God, "Will you be the God only of Christianity?" He would say, "No. I will be the God of the world." (Applause) Looking at the end times of such conflicts, the Unification Church has emerged. If the Unification Church had not emerged, God might have been in despair.

The way to live for the world, even if the people of South Korea reject it, is to step forward on the path of serving the world beyond the nation. Even if South Korea opposes it, there is a way to survive. (Applause, Cheers) Even if the world opposes, if you live for God, you can survive. It is the same as Jesus. When He was crucified, even if the entire nation and people opposed, He believed only in God. It is the same principle.

Become a person who was born for the sake of others, lives for the sake of others, and is willing to die for the sake of others.
According to the heavenly will that exists for the sake of others... Now, let’s examine ourselves centered on the individual. Whoever serves the nation more should live as if serving God and the Lord. If you cannot do that, starting a life that can do so will bring peace to your heart. Then, you will recognize God's infinite love and existence, and you will accept the ideal environment of the heavenly kingdom on earth. This is certain. There will be happiness there, and a resting place of peace will emerge. The path of life is to long for and strive to become such an individual, and to hope that a nation that transcends ethnicities will unite to establish God's will is the final hope of humanity and what God desires for the earthly paradise.

When a world unfolds where all people, regardless of race, can serve each other as brothers, what is that? It is none other than the heavenly kingdom on earth. (Applause) Those who live like that will surely be able to rule the heavenly world.

To all of you present here today, you may forget everything I said. Husbands should reflect on how much they have lived for their wives. Parents should reflect on how much they have done for their children. In families, one should reflect on how much they have lived in a position of serving their neighbors. As a nation, one should reflect on whether they have lived not just for their own nation but as a nation that can serve Asia and humanity. The group that survives, that can ultimately become the masters of this land, is the group that was born for the sake of others, lives for the sake of others, and is willing to die for the sake of others. It is certain that such people will become the masters and heirs of eternal happiness in this entire universe, and I sincerely ask you to go forth into such a blessed kingdom. (Applause)

May God's blessing be upon your families and your social lives, or upon the entire church of Daegu. I hope you will receive love from God through a more serving society, go through a more serving life journey, rest with God, enjoy happiness with God, and become an eternal and ideal people like God. I would like to conclude my remarks by stating that only through this principle can a truly new future be realized. Thank you. (Applause)

**The 16th Parents' Day Message**
<Prayer> Today is April 12, 1975, and we have gathered to celebrate Parents' Day. We thank you for allowing us to have the sixteenth Parents' Day this year. 

As we have gone through many days, we sincerely thank you for the concern and grace of our Father, who has led us through the many processes of restoration. We thank you for protecting and guiding the members of the Unification Church, who have advanced toward the great hope you have through true children, true families, and true nations, in the name of the True Parents.

We sincerely thank you for blessing, protecting, and guiding all the children who have endured the path of suffering to restore your ideal world of creation, and for leading them to the foundation of victory. We are grateful to be able to share your deep sorrow with the people of this earth and with true children.

As we settle the sad past and establish this joyful day, we once again vow before you that your will shall be victory forever, glory forever, and praise forever. We earnestly ask you to allow us to become eternal children who can embody the victorious image that can fulfill your will. 

Father! Now we are in a historical era where we are passing through the second seven-year course and entering the third seven-year course. We believe that by navigating this historical era today, we can open up the suffocating paths around us. We earnestly ask you to allow your pride, joy, and glory to dwell in the path of the Unification Church as we are about to enter the third seven-year course.

From now on, we are preparing to proclaim the will of heaven before numerous nations of more than 120 countries that we must unfold on the global stage, so please bless their footsteps that are spreading everywhere in this April. We know that this is the wish of history and the deepest desire of your heart, and we thank you for pouring your grace upon this mission that is heading toward the global path of the third seven-year course.

Thinking about how much effort you have put into raising a group that can appear among the lonely people of the suffering Korean people, we cannot help but recall the history of tears once again. Now, please allow us to praise your glory wherever these people appear. We sincerely thank you for paving the way to develop the foundation that can praise the failure of the first Israel centered on the nation and people into a victorious world through the third Israel.

Now, may your light of life appear upon those who emerge, and may the hearts of those who hear their voices revere you under your direct dominion, so that they may be worthy to escape the mistakes of our original human ancestors. We earnestly hope and desire that your direct guidance will accompany them. As they look at the difficult cross, please be with the courageous daughters of heaven who wish to advance. Their victory is your victory, and their standing on the battlefield is establishing you in their place. We earnestly hope and desire that they will endure and overcome any difficulties, praise you, and become children who are not lacking in stepping over the stage of Satan.

Please be with these young people who will spread into the difficult world. As this group of 360 proclaims the shout of restoration to the world in the name of the Father, may your world be horizontally connected so that no one is left out of your name and may the day come soon. We know that this is your wish and your hope through the historical limit, so the Unification Church is already striving to realize this, so we earnestly hope and desire that you will be with us.

At this time, crossing the limit of the suffocating second seven-year course, we are facing a chaotic period in the world. We know that we must have a strong and courageous heart to fulfill our heavenly duties and mission while indicating the direction we must go on this peak where good and evil collide. First, this nation must be completely united, so please allow the people in South Korea to center on heaven and become one with this people and this country.

Centered on Korea, may Japan and the United States prepare without lacking as builders of the heavenly kingdom, establishing a unified front before your will in the path of civilization. We earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to protect your battlefield.

We recognize that this Parents' Day, placed before such an environment, is a historical day. Father! Reflecting on the suffocating past, we praise your victory at this present point, and we hope to establish your good judgmental center to praise your children and your people as a world that can head directly toward all nations.

Moreover, during this period, the international mobile forces gathered from all over the world are fighting on behalf of this nation and this people. As we face a battle in Seoul with only three days left through Busan and Daegu, Father, please be with us. This is not to fulfill any human desires but to achieve your historical wishes. We know that you are well aware of the need to connect the fortunes of all humanity to this nation and this people, to start a new historical origin for the restoration of a new substantial world with this people and this nation.

We earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to establish a historical origin that can sweep this nation before you with a bloody heart during this period. Until this day comes, we think about how much you have worked and how much we have walked the path of labor in pioneering this way on the earth. We cannot help but think that this is your guidance, your protection, and your victory. We cannot help but be grateful for this. 

May the children of the nations, who have been harvested from the foundation of such labor, renew the spirit of the nation on that foundation of sincerity and connect it to the heavenly spirit. May they become heavenly soldiers who can pledge loyalty and filial piety before heaven and become heavenly children.

Thus, we must establish the conditions for a new historical origin that can advance toward the world with the authority of the restored nation of the third Israel. We must clearly realize that this mission lies with this nation and the Unification Church, which has welcomed the international mobile forces during this period. We must put forth our utmost sincerity to praise your victory and the victory of your children, and at the same time, may the Unification Church and its families praise your victory so that your infinite blessings can be realized with the world of Israel.

Today, please willingly accept this prepared meal. May this day be a day of joy for you, a day of praise, and may the name of the True Parents be revealed to all nations and appear at the peak of the universe, establishing a new origin that can fulfill your historical mission. We earnestly hope and desire that a heavenly connection can be established that can boldly start the third world restoration course centered on both spirit and flesh.

The children in Korea, Japan, and the United States, as well as those in East Garden, will bow their heads toward this Korean land and celebrate this day. They do this for the sake of your nation and to fulfill the mission of your people. May your sovereignty be established on this earth, and may we be able to praise victory and authority eternally and without end, making this a new global origin of praise for your high and precious glory. 

Please accept this holy meal as a meal that both heaven and earth can praise. We earnestly hope and desire that you will allow a harmonious atmosphere and stage for the many prophets and saints in the spirit world, and for all the spirits who died for goodness and for you, to be able to engage in earthly activities. We earnestly hope and desire that you will establish the authority of victory that can resolve the grievances of the three generations, allowing ancestors, current people, and children to unite and serve you in a flat manner.

We think that the victory of your praise will bring the victory of all nations because we know that the holy will you demand is holy.
I sincerely hope and wish that you will preside over this occasion. I earnestly desire that you will bestow even greater blessings of joy upon all the spiritual and physical realms and descendants celebrating this day and this meal. I ask you, Father, to grant the blessings that were given during the time of Adam, allowing us to progress toward the victorious heaven that can return to the original world. I earnestly request this blessing.

I sincerely hope that you will be present with us on this day, bless this month and this understanding, and bless the new three-phase seven-year course. Wherever you raise the flag, may there be songs of victory, and may the shouts resonate throughout heaven and earth. I ask this once again, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

<Words> As you all know, today marks the 16th Parents' Day, and it has been 15 full years since the establishment of Parents' Day.

The ideal world of God's creation is a world of one sovereignty centered on one parent. We have come to understand that we have been ascending the path of restoration. When we think of the providence of restoration, we know that centered on the family of Adam, this must connect horizontally from the individual and family to the tribe, nation, and world. This is God's ideal of creation and His will. We understand that the individual center, family center, tribal center, national center, and world center must form the heavenly kingdom on earth through the traditional relationships centered on Adam.

Therefore, all customs of the Adam family are the customs of the Adam nation, and all the principles of service that Adam practiced for God must remain as the principles of that nation and that world. If that had been the case, that nation would have been one nation, and that culture would have been one culture. Furthermore, a sovereignty centered on that culture would have been formed. That sovereignty would have been a broad sovereignty, a sovereign foundation that extends to the world, and the content possessed in individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world would be the same. Just as individuals unite with their parents, families unite with their parents, tribes unite with their parents, nations unite with their parents, and then the world unites with their parents. When viewed from the perspective of God, God is the parent, and humanity stands in the position of the citizens and children of that nation. This is true for individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world.

In this way, under one sovereignty centered on God, all people are God's sons and daughters. When we look at the personal families that have developed, the sovereignty of that nation is the sovereignty that connects families. In other words, the sovereignty of the nation represents the sovereignty of families.

Therefore, even if there are numerous individuals, tribes, and nations, that sovereignty must stand in a subjective and relative position. Because the ideal world of creation can be formed anywhere through the relationships of subject and object, where God's sovereignty is present, such a horizontal world that can be called the kingdom of heaven must be formed, which we know is God's ideal of creation.

Although God envisioned such a world, it fundamentally collapsed due to the fall of our human ancestors. As individuals fell and families fell, the collapse of tribes, nations, and the world occurred, and we know that it became a sovereignty centered on Satan rather than a sovereign nation centered on God.

Why did God's providence begin? It began to wage a battle to reclaim the sovereignty of Satan and to restore the glory of victory. Therefore, in order to achieve victory, personal victories must be determined. Among personal victories, the victory of men must be determined, and the victory of women must be determined. Thus, centered on victorious men and women, they must form the rights of personal victory, family victory, tribal victory, national victory, and world victory again. This is what we know as the providence of salvation.

So, what is the purpose of establishing personal victory rights on behalf of men? This is the thought of the Second Coming. In other words, the Lord of the Second Coming, or the Savior who can save the world on this earth, must come and save from the world of Satan, from the sovereignty of Satan, and from the world of sin of Satan. In other words, by settling sin, the sovereignty of Satan can be subdued. What sin is this? It is bloodline sin, that is, sin inherited from Satan's blood. The historical process to indemnify that sin has been through Jesus to the time of the Second Coming and up to now.

To go back up this path, when we think of the path of restoration, we must engage in a historical struggle that ascends from the position of the servant of servants to the position of the servant, the adopted son, the son, and the parent. There must be representatives of the servant of servants, representatives of the servant, representatives of the adopted son, and representatives who can fulfill the mission of the son, and they must unite. Centered on the son, the adopted son must unite, centered on the adopted son, the servant must unite, and centered on the servant, the servant of servants must unite. The servant of servants must be placed on the foundation of the servant, the servant must be placed on the foundation of the adopted son, the adopted son must be placed on the foundation of the son, and the manifestation of the parents must be realized on the foundation of the son. This is the path of restoration.

In this process of ascending the horizontal path of indemnity and restoration throughout the historical age, God has worked through the Old Testament and the New Testament, but has always faced failures. There were failures in the age of the servant of servants, failures in the age of the servant, failures in the age of the adopted son, and failures in the age of the children. Therefore, we must once again indemnify and restore this history of failure. We must understand that this is God's providence to conclude the end of the age of the Second Coming.

So, what mission does Christianity have today? It is to extend what Judaism could not accomplish, to indemnify and restore the failures of the First Israel through the Second Israel. However, we know that Christianity has not succeeded in inheriting this before God's will.

What then is the purpose of the Unification Church? It is to re-establish the mission connected to Christianity, which has failed in the horizontal path of indemnity and restoration from the historical age of the servant of servants to the age of the servant, the adopted son, and the children, all the way to the age of the parents. Everyone must understand that this must be done.

From this perspective, what mission must the Unification Church members fulfill until 1960? They must scatter in all directions, covering the duties of the servant of servants, the duties of the servant, and the duties of the adopted son, overcoming any hardships they face before the nation and the people, and forming a group that can contribute to heaven and unite before heaven. This was the history of heaven until 1960.

Therefore, from this perspective, in order to elevate to the positions of servant of servants, servant, adopted son, or son, they must become a group that can confront Satan on the front lines and achieve victory. The front line is the nation. If it is the Republic of Korea, they must stand at the forefront of this national stage and endure all kinds of humiliation. From this perspective, if there had been no opposition in the Republic of Korea, they would not have been able to continue the global path of indemnity.

If Christianity had supported us, this path of indemnity could have been replaced by the historical age of indemnity, but because Christianity opposed us, this collapsed, and we must establish a new foundation for defense. This is our mission until 1960. Therefore, everyone must take the path of suffering for the nation and the people, just as Jesus bore the cross with all his life.

In this process, the history of the Unification Church has indeed been a tragic and tearful history. However, you must understand that this history was necessary.

When we reflect on the past, we can see that many believers have shed blood to develop this foundation for Christianity to grow globally. However, in the struggle of the Unification Church in Korea until the 1960s, no one sacrificed their life. This is because the foundation of the democratic world was prepared through Christianity. In other words, the external foundation established through Christianity allowed the Unification Church to survive today.

If such a democratic form had not existed, the Unification Church would have already disappeared from the earth. However, because there was a prepared foundation of religious freedom in the world centered on Christianity, the Unification Church remains today. Although Christianity has made mistakes in direct terms, it has contributed to the environmental aspect, allowing for the possibility of receiving heavenly grace again.

Even in the face of suffering until the 1960s, the Unification Church did not perish, and the fact that it established the origin of the first seven-year course centered on the Holy Wedding of the Parents in 1960 is a historical origin.

You must understand that in order to inherit the foundation of the duties of the servant of servants, the servant, and the adopted son, we must indemnify the historical internal and external realms that have been achieved due to the fall of Adam and Eve. You can connect the external aspects to the Old Testament and New Testament, but you cannot connect the internal emotional stage through you. Ultimately, it must be connected through Adam and Eve, so the period of indemnifying the internal emotional ties must be centered on the internal heart of the parents, and this period of settlement is the first seven-year course.

Thus, with the conclusion of the first seven-year course, the indemnity history of the parents must finally settle all origins of the fall before heaven and earth. This period is the time for the internal struggle to resolve all historical twists and turns that Adam and Eve made mistakes concerning bloodline issues.

Therefore, the teacher brought the mother, meaning that the teacher stood on the victorious foundation of the world of Satan, but the mother had not yet reached that foundation. Thus, centered on the teacher, the mother stood in a position to be recreated, and through this, the standard of emotional unity and the offering of her entire emotional issue could be made before heaven. By completing the first seven-year course, the victorious birth of the origin of the parents was realized.

Thus, centered on the first seven-year course, the Day of God was proclaimed, and we entered an era where we could finally welcome God into our families. Therefore, on the foundation of family victory with God, the second seven-year course was initiated.

What is the second seven-year course? Your families have also received blessings, but those blessings are not completion-level blessings; they are blessings of the growth stage. Therefore, there is a historical destiny to go through the seven-year course. Thus, the second seven-year course was a period in which, together with the family of the Parents centered on God, your families must unite to form a blessed family-based national foundation. Because of this responsibility, as you know, from 1970 to 1972, you all left your families and walked a three-year course representing this nation and this people.

During this time, it was truly a period when the father could not act as a father, the mother could not act as a mother, and parents and children could not fulfill their responsibilities toward each other. Although God's will was shattered, by centering on God, fulfilling the responsibilities of sons and daughters, those sons and daughters could finally be recognized before heaven. By being recognized, the sons and daughters born through them could also be recognized. This was the historical origin of the struggle, where the entire family, even if they had to sacrifice, fought for the second liberation of the nation for heaven. By establishing these conditions of indemnity and completing the family seven-year course with the victory of the parents, your families can finally receive the second victory right to welcome God. This is the struggle up to now that you must understand.

Therefore, today, our families must not settle down. When viewed from the origin of the family, you must inherit the connection that can represent the family of the Parents and continue that lineage to engage in the struggle that can impact this nation and the world. This is what the second seven-year course is about. Three years before this second seven-year course, the teacher had a mission to advance a generation ahead, which is why he crossed over to America.

Christianity laid the foundation for a global foundation, but today, due to the opposition to the Unification Church, this global foundation is bound to collapse. Therefore, the teacher crossed over to America to restore this foundation and connect it to the Unification Church, spiritually and globally. America represents the democratic world and the global Christianity, so the teacher has been in America for three years, engaging in offensive activities. 

Today, centered on Christianity, we faced opposition in Korea, but on the global stage, we have made offensive moves, demonstrating that heaven is in the superior position.
When it sweeps across the United States, despite their opposition, the fact that we could not be stopped on our path and were able to return to Korea on December 26, 1974, holding the flag of victory, signifies that we have grasped the entirety of the global spiritual destiny in our hands. Thus, you know that we have returned to this nation and people in place of national standards.

The background and significance of blessing 1,800 couples
From there, centered around 1975, we must unfold a global event centered on the spirit and body before this nation. As you know, on January 16, the teacher finally appeared before this nation centered around a banquet. In this historical equilibrium era, in this world, no one has been able to perform such a feat, and he has come forth with that condition to appear before this nation.

In other words, because we have established the origin of spiritual victory, regardless of how much this nation opposes, the more they oppose, the more conditions for surrender will increase. This is undoubtedly because heaven has established the origin for victory, and thus, centered around the banquet on January 16, we set the direction for a new national start centered on the third spiritual and physical dimension.

Based on that, the joint wedding ceremony of 1,800 couples was held on February 8. Our Unification Church must show goodness personally and as families. In showing goodness as families, it is not only our parents' families but also that all members of the Unification Church worldwide must be revealed before the world. Because of this divine will, we must achieve victory as families and stake a claim, which is based on the accomplishments of the first and second seven-year courses, and finally, on the third seven-year course, we could horizontally expand your families on the plane centered around the parents. The event on February 8 was a demonstration, an offensive action that everyone should understand.

There was opposition from various countries. In places like Japan, there was active opposition. There was opposition from many countries, but opposition is not the issue. There must be opposition. However, today, the young people of the Unification Church are a group mobilized for a purpose, so transcending the opposition from the satanic world and parents, the fact that we held the wedding ceremony centered around February 8 is a historical event. This blessing ceremony is a demonstration and offensive action that must be announced before all humanity, and we certainly know that it has become globally renowned. You are gathering materials for that... You must understand that it is a global event.

Therefore, we must demonstrate goodness before the world. As members of the Unification Church, we must demonstrate as parents, as families, and then as Unification Church members. This is why we must completely announce this nation to the world centered around the third international mobile team until the lunar April, limited to the second seven-year course. You must understand that this is the third mobile team in Korea. This is the transition period within the three-day relationship centered around the Parents' Day, which is based on the first and second courses through Busan and Daegu, finally centered around Seoul. You must understand that this is a historical period.

Mission during the third seven-year course
Because we are in such a historically significant transitional period, we must fight in America, fight in Japan, and fight in Korea. Regarding the Vietnam issue, even though the democratic world must take responsibility for the communist world, who will establish conditions before heaven? Although the American Congress and citizens cannot take responsibility, our Unification Church must take the lead and establish conditions to overcome this. You probably heard through KBS yesterday that there was a demonstration in Washington this time. Thus, in America, we fight in America, and in Japan, we are fighting centered around Ishihara and Minobe in Tokyo, and this will end tomorrow. When we think about the fact that such battles are unfolding in Korea, you must understand that the Unification Church is currently at the forefront of this historical destiny, taking responsibility for the decisive battle.

In this suffocating climax, today’s Parents' Day must present an event that can establish a new origin in history, which the entire nation can observe, and we must find a way to connect to the new world. You must understand that this is the providential will. Throughout this process, one thing you must understand is that today, Unification Church members must fulfill the responsibilities of a servant, a servant of servants, and a child, but have they truly fulfilled those responsibilities? Is there even one person who can sincerely say, "I have fulfilled these responsibilities"? There is none. Who has fulfilled those responsibilities? The teacher himself has done it. The teacher has borne the responsibilities of a servant of servants, a servant, a child, and a parent, and you must understand that he has been walking the path of historical indemnity and restoration alone.

When you think about this, you should reflect on whether you have ever fulfilled your responsibilities as a servant of servants in the history of world restoration. If you haven't, you need to critically examine yourself and think that at some point, you must fulfill not only the responsibilities of a servant but also those of a child. The conditions of indemnity were established by the parents, but to connect what the parents have established, you must establish conditions of indemnity that can receive the conditions of indemnity set by the parents. This is the responsibility of our Unification family today. So, when will this be handed over? When will it be handed over?

Until you can connect through individuals, families, tribes, nations, and states, you have not fulfilled your responsibilities, but you must understand that there is still a time left to receive this on the third seven-year course that can reach out to the world. This is the only time left. The time until now has passed, but now, once again, the origin to set conditions that could not be fulfilled is left only in the third seven-year course.

The third seven-year course is on a different dimension than the first and second seven-year courses. The first and second seven-year courses were times of going backward, so even if you fought ten times and won nine, if you did not win all ten, you would collapse all at once. However, now that we have entered a global era beyond national standards, even if I fight ten times, win nine, and lose once, the nine victories will not collapse but will have a foundation that remains. Therefore, on this foundation, you must understand that you cannot fail to inherit all the historical indemnity connections established by the parents on the third seven-year course under the resolution that "I will fulfill the mission of a son and a daughter."

As we are to fulfill a global mission, the 36, 72, and 124 families must take the lead. In this sense, our Unification Church has so far set national missions as a standard, but now it is time to unfold a global mission. Therefore, all of you in the headquarters or blessed families must understand that you must fulfill your responsibilities. Thus, from the 36 families to the 72 families, and to the 124 families, they must stand at the forefront of bearing the cross representing the world on the third seven-year course. This is the mission of the blessed families today, especially the 36 families, 72 families, and 124 families.

The 430 families bear a flat responsibility, but the 36 families, 72 families, and 124 families symbolize the twelve apostles, 70 disciples, and 120 disciples centered around Jesus. The 70 disciples represent the nation, and the 120 disciples represent the world, so the 124 families must stand at the forefront of global suffering. Therefore, who should go out for missionary work? Originally, it should be the 124 families, 72 families, and 36 families. This is what should happen in principle. You must understand this clearly. Originally, the 36 families should go out, the 72 families should go out, and the 124 families should go out. However, currently, there are no Koreans among those going out for missionary work worldwide. Japanese, Americans, and Germans are going out. Why are we sending out Japanese, Americans, and Germans? If the Unification Church is to find countries centered around Korea on the plane, those countries are Japan, America, and Germany. If we connect these four major countries, we can expel the communist world from the globe.

Therefore, the countries that must bear such historical responsibilities that must be revealed on the plane are Japan, America, and Germany. These countries have not had families fulfill their restoration missions, in other words, what the 36 families could not do, what the 72 families could not do, and what the 124 families could not do. They must go out globally and receive indemnity on behalf of those families, and you must understand that they are the ones who have stepped forward, ready to sacrifice for the place where those families can stand in the future. They represent different countries and different nations, but you must understand that they have stepped forward on behalf of our families, and until the end of the third seven-year course, your families must unite and become one with them. You must understand that this is the providential view of the third seven-year course today, and you must turn the global destiny around.

Therefore, what should the 36 families do as much as possible? You must create a system that can represent and comprehensively govern them, and from here, you will create a touring system that can represent each state and the six continents, and gradually expand that. As the missionary department develops, you will inject the 36 families representatively, the 72 families representatively, and the 124 families representatively to unite inside and outside during the seven-year course and turn the global restoration destiny around. You must understand that this is the third seven-year course centered around your families. Do you understand? "Yes." You must recognize that we are in such a critical and suffocating historical transition.

You must understand that the fight you are engaged in now will develop the more you fight; there will be no retreat. The path of going upward in the past would collapse if you fought and failed, but now, as you spread out horizontally in a global fight, the more you fight, the more complex issues arise... Until now, it has been the teacher who has faced the battles, and the teacher has been the one who has been completely grounded, but from now on, everything that becomes an issue will be different. It will qualitatively change. When the teacher goes in and you go in, if one side is pressed down, the teacher will become evident. Thus, issues are arising in Japan, America, and various countries.

Now, the world needs a movement that can raise global events centered around some spiritual movement, and we have entered a point where true conscientious individuals desire such a movement. At one time, it may be criticized, but the more it becomes an issue, the more it will be unified globally, and we must prepare the environmental conditions to transition to a new dimension all at once. Until these conditions are established, the Unification Church will face opposition and be attacked on the plane.

Why? Why is that? Because the Unification Church is numerically small. Although we may not be many in number, the issue is what happens when they attack us. The attackers are not good people; the one being attacked is the good person. Therefore, if a good person is attacked by an evil group, that group must compensate threefold, sevenfold, or twelvefold.

Thus, even if there is rebuttal and offensive action, if we push forward strongly and boldly, our Unification Church will not retreat. If there is opposition in that country, it will gather all the historical good ancestors of that country and take away all the relative blessings that heaven has given until the end of the equilibrium era. To prepare a condition that can be gathered, there will be a time of persecution, and for about three years, it will be complicated. However, once a resolution is reached in one place, everything will turn over at once. When it turns over, side effects will arise. It will not be normal. After going through such a process, when we enter 1981, the Unification Church will be in a position where no one can criticize it under the name of religion, and no one can criticize it based on its power.

From this perspective, looking at this environment, the struggles in the next three years, the struggles in America, Korea, and Japan, all of these are entering a fate where the country can collapse and the world can collapse within three years. Therefore, when it becomes evident that the movement to save the country and the world is the movement of the Unification Church, it will become the origin to prepare a new dimension globally. Thus, today, regardless of any persecution, we must not be discouraged but must go forward with dignity.

Looking at the recent Taiwan incident, spiritually, this will rather yield a good conclusion. Taiwan must fulfill its responsibility as an archangel nation in Asia, but if it cannot fulfill that responsibility, it must completely hand that responsibility over to America. If it hands it over to America, and if the American citizens cannot stand in a position to support it, then the Unification Church will take on the archangel's mission. Thus, our Unification Church can fulfill the mission of Adam and Eve as well as the mission of the archangel, so there is no way for us to fail. It will become a foundation that can remain and win.

When viewed from this origin, figures like Chiang Kai-shek have passed, and Mao Zedong will also fall within three years... In the future, all those who opposed us and had global names will fall by the wayside. 

Therefore, from now on, the more we develop our struggles, the more we will become evident. Centered around the nation and people, looking at the struggle of the third international mobile team, even if the established churches oppose us, they will not be able to reach us, as evidenced by incidents like the Daegu incident. They put forth all their efforts to take an offensive against us, but it returned completely in failure. Seoul will be the same. Centered around the eight provinces, a wind will arise.
This fact is... As the Unification Church members from around the world gather, all the bad words that have been said until now will finally be revealed before the national standards of the Republic of Korea, and they will all collapse at once.  
220  The 16th Parents' Day Message  
Do not be discouraged, but establish the traditions of heaven and win.  
In that sense, the conditions for persecution, and how the state and society view what the Unification Church has been doing have not yet been decisively established, but through this fight, it has been completely revealed. If a boom is created here, the national foundation established for the Unification Church will be solidified, so that regardless of which embassy or country inquires, the Unification Church can clearly present itself as a central ideological organization before this nation. Therefore, no matter how strong the persecution from various countries may be, it will be resolved at once, according to the providential view. The operation of heaven in this manner is ultimately to pass blessings to us, and we must understand that it means for us to stand firm in this battlefield and claim the glory of victory centered on heaven, and we should feel a sense of fulfillment in being born at this time.  
That is why you must recognize that this is such a time and educate your children at home so that they can undoubtedly inherit this world. In the third seven-year course, we are in a precious time where we can take responsibility for what we failed to do in the first and second seven-year courses, so in your daily lives, you must live in a way that truly establishes the traditions of the Unification Church. In both words and actions, everything must become an altar before heaven, and the family itself must become an altar.  
When you are at work, that workplace is not just for your livelihood or to receive a salary. It is all a foundation for forming the heavenly kingdom, and you must strive for the manifestation of heaven in that living stage. In family life, centered on God, you must represent True Parents and that family, and be a family that can receive heavenly approval, meaning that you must fulfill your responsibilities without any shortcomings in terms of the standard of a substantial family, so that you can inherit the victorious new heavenly kingdom in today's historical third seven-year course.  
221  
If in this third seven-year course we cannot indemnify the family responsibilities that were not fulfilled in the first and second seven-year courses in Korea, what will happen? If we cannot do that, the Korean people will become a miserable nation.  
That is why you must resolve, "I will fulfill my duties from the position of a servant to that of an adopted child, and to that of a son." To do that, what must you do? For the sake of the will, during these seven years, you must all become sacrificial offerings.  
Just as Jesus said at the cross, "Abba, Father! If it is possible, let this cup pass from me. Yet not my will, but yours be done," it is not the time to establish your own views. You must establish the view of the will and plant a meaningful heavenly tradition on this third seven-year course, so that you can leave a meaningful tradition for future families centered on the Unification family, and create a new cultural world that leads to the world of the new heavenly kingdom. This responsibility must be centered around the teacher's family, and your families must connect Korean families with global families. When this does not fall to the ground and forms a horizontal plane, only then will the heavenly kingdom be formed in reality, and I hope you will strive for this.  
<Prayer> Beloved Father! Today, on this historic Parents' Day, we have spoken of the fragmented history that the Unification Church has gone through in the historical era until now. Father! Until the 1960s, we established our parents' family and went through the path of suffering amid complicated circumstances. We thank you for allowing the young mother to unite with the will and have the Day of God. Through Parents' Day, we have welcomed the Day of God, the Day of Children, and the Day of All Creation, and we thank you for providing us with the path of indemnity and restoration.  
Centered on that parents' family, there was the second seven-year course, and today we stand in a position where we are dedicating everything to fulfill our responsibilities before heaven and have connected the three-year course. This has become a condition to establish spiritual internal connections, and in order to expand the global stage of the third Israel beyond the national second Israel, we ask you to raise the banner of victory on this three-year course to connect the second spiritual world foundation with the third spiritual world foundation.  
Thus, centered around 1975, we thank you for allowing us to connect the physical national foundation with the spiritual world foundation, so that through the physical national foundation, we can align the victory of the spiritual and physical worlds. Because this remains on the third seven-year course, when we look at the parents' family today, we see that the 36 families, 72 families, and 120 families of the Unification Church must unite, and that all people around the world must connect to establish a unified tradition.  
When we see this, we understand that countless people in the world are reborn, and the families of the Unification Church are growing, and the teacher's family, centered on the standard of completion, can finally lead the entire world into a new horizontal realm of rebirth, growth, and completion, entering a historical new dimension where the heavenly kingdom can be manifested. We sincerely hope and desire that this time will be a new resolution and determination for the 36 families, 72 families, and 124 families present here.  
Now, these families must once again reorganize everything that has been broken and reaffirm the mission of the families in Korea that must step onto the world stage. Thus, we ask you to allow us to establish a new global tradition and to select a new global subject ideology, so that all people can smoothly break through the path of restoration toward the heavenly kingdom.  
This will connect not only individuals and families but also nations, ethnicities, and the global foundation, creating a path that leads directly to the heavenly kingdom in all directions. We understand that this is the mission of the Unification Church, the mission of the Unification family, and our mission, which we must surely fulfill, and we thank you for this time to resolve to move forward.  
Father! Now bless this family and bless the members of the Unification Church who are walking this path. We sincerely hope and desire that the new historical origin spreading to the world can praise victory.  
Father! After the 14th, we will go to America on the 15th and bless all the new families that will be sent to the world, so we sincerely hope that your mercy, compassion, and love will be with all.  
Through this historic day, Father, we know that many spirits in the spiritual world have been in the process of indemnity and restoration, and that the process has been determined on the horizontal stage on earth. Therefore, we understand that many spirits who have come and gone until now can freely return and cooperate with their descendants on this plane, marking a time when the victory of the origin can be established.  
Thus, centered around April 1975, we must once again manifest all the conditions for spiritual liberation, and we are urgently hoping for the formation of a free realm of return for many spirits to engage in earthly activities.  
By opening this, we feel that the time is approaching when the spiritual and physical realms can finally push back the authority of Satan, centered on True Parents, in the victory of the historical foundation of both the spiritual and physical realms. We are determined in our hearts to prepare for that day, so we sincerely hope for your blessings.  
We think of that day when all the spirits who died for the sake of the will and for the name of religion can find a stage on earth to practice and can directly lead their descendants into the Unification Church. We earnestly hope and desire that you will allow us to fulfill the meaningful path of the third seven-year course.  
May the remaining days and times allow us to praise your love and victory, Father. Father! Please take the fight between Korea, Japan, and America into your hands, and we earnestly ask that you personally guide us, and we offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.*  
9)  
Before Heaven  
<Prayer> Beloved Father! Today is April 13, 1975, the second Sabbath of this month. Please look down upon your children gathered this morning. As our hearts and bodies appear before you, we come to this place with a heart that examines our own positions, so we earnestly hope that you will guide all of us with a heart of compassion.  
Father! We feel that this moment is a time for a historic new transition. We also know that today is a time of intense conflict in Japan. Please be with them personally.  
Please remember the young children who are taking responsibility for what the nation cannot do and are fighting against communism on the world stage. Father, please have compassion on our vulnerable state, which lacks the backing of the nation.  
When we think about not achieving our goals by 1974, which we must fulfill our responsibilities, we cannot help but feel sorry before heaven.  
Humans always tend to regret after the time has passed, and when we think about this, Father, you who lead those who do not know the time, we realize that we have always failed to meet that time, and we reflect on the tremendous and fearful fact that we have walked the path of suffering until now.  
Father! We earnestly hope that you will preside over this current struggle in Japan. We sincerely ask that you take charge of this crucial moment. Tomorrow, centered around Seoul, will also be a day when we raise a new banner before this nation, so please be present there personally. May people not move according to their own hearts but be guided to follow the heart of heaven, Father.  
Heaven always prepares without our knowledge and cares for everything before we worry, but we know that it is a shame before heaven that we, due to our shortcomings, cannot accept and digest that preparation.  
Please be with us tomorrow evening, Father, and allow the events taking place over the next three days in Seoul to be a decisive battle where the Unification group can fulfill its historic mission. May it be a day where we can express our grievances over the path of suffering we have walked for over 30 years, and may it be a day where we can resolve the sorrows you have felt until now.  
Please have compassion on the established churches that do not understand and oppose us. Unification Church members, knowing that they cannot abandon them, have endured in silence. Father, we hope that your love will be with them, and when we think about wanting your will to remain before them, we earnestly ask that you accept them.  
We sincerely hope that you will protect us from the few who oppose your will and allow us to expand the purpose you have granted us at the end, so that we can achieve a successful conclusion through this.  
We know that everything will culminate in your will. Since you were the one who made the good intentions, we believe that you are also the one who will fulfill this task. Only those who follow the good, the good deeds, and the good will can remain with you and with your will.  
Please allow Unification Church members not to have evil hearts but to have good hearts, and to fulfill their responsibilities as mission bearers at the end, without shame before your will and your call. We sincerely hope that this opportunity will allow us to fulfill the mission of the final harvest.  
We also know that everything we are doing in America is a matter of concern across the nation. Centered around Vietnam, our Unification group stands at the forefront, representing heaven and fighting against communism, so we earnestly ask that you remember this small group.  
We stand at a point where we cannot turn back, and we pledge to dedicate our lives, so please allow us to take responsibility for the path of struggle that leads to victory before heaven.  
We are carrying the burdens that America cannot bear and that the democratic world cannot bear, so we earnestly hope that your protection will be with those who believe and move forward.  
We earnestly ask that you take charge of everything from today onward, and we offer all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.  
<Words> You are walking a truly unique path of faith. We know that the path of faith is the effort to live in accordance with heaven's will.  
As those who serve heaven, when we stand before heaven, we cannot help but examine what position we are in. When we think of ourselves, we must not forget that we are the descendants of Adam and Eve, who shattered the ideal of creation. We must recognize the shameful fact that we have ancestors who stood in a position that did not fulfill the responsibility to realize God's ideal of creation but rather stood in a position that shattered it.  
After the fall, humanity has gone through a long historical process according to God's providence of salvation, but we know that there has never been a time when we stood on heaven's side and sympathized with heaven. We have always been on the side of Satan, causing concern for heaven, and even when we stood on heaven's side for a brief moment, we failed to follow the path that heaven desired.  
This is true even when we look at Cain and Abel in the family of Adam, and it was the same in Noah's time.
It was the same during the time of Abraham. Even through Isaac and Jacob, we know that such a history of failure has been repeated. And through the time of Moses, into the era of John the Baptist, and the time of Jesus... Furthermore, in the process of developing Christianity, the spiritual second Israel, even though Christians have claimed to do well and to be for heaven, it has rather become a minus in front of the way heaven goes, and has become a cross and a burden. When we observe this from our principled perspective, we come to understand it well.

A denomination or a place that must settle all the historical mistakes left by our ancestors must emerge; this is what we know to be God's desire. What kind of place is that? When we think about it at this time, it cannot be the established church. We know that the established church has already become secularized. From a principled standpoint, we cannot see that heaven can be with it.

To fulfill what God desires, the Unification Church has emerged. From that perspective, if there is a denomination that can take responsibility for everything in front of heaven in this world at the end, we know that it can only be the Unification Church. When we think about the history that the Unification Church itself has walked until now, there has been a period of resurrection, a period of growth, and now it is moving toward the completion age.

From this standpoint, who will take responsibility for all the mistakes of our ancestors that have not been accountable before heaven from the past to the present? There must be an organization that can take responsibility. This should not be left alone; there must be a denomination that can take responsibility and settle these matters. If that organization is the Unification Church, then the question is whether the Unification Church is truly taking that responsibility. Are they taking responsibility? If they stand in a position that genuinely takes responsibility...

When we look at the world today, why has it become like this? It is not because it has received blessings from God, but because it has inevitably come to this as a punishment. If we think about this, then there must be some denomination that can take responsibility that can represent the will of heaven.

Not only in this age but also for the historical generations to come, for the new world that will come in the future, who will take responsibility for this? It must be a denomination that says it will take responsibility before heaven, a denomination that will take overall responsibility.

Unless some denomination, some believer, or some group appears that can take this responsibility, history cannot be turned back. If history cannot be turned back, then the era cannot be corrected, and if the era cannot be corrected, it is a natural conclusion that the new world of the future cannot be manifested.

From that perspective, when we look back as individuals of the Unification Church who serve heaven, the question arises whether I truly have the conviction to take that responsibility.

You all know how difficult the path of faith is in your daily spiritual lives. The more you walk the path of faith, the more you come to understand how hard it is. You come to know what kind of person you are. You also understand well the parents or relatives around you. When you ask yourself whether you can be a central being who can manage this entire environmental group centered on yourself, you discover that you are not that capable.

However, if you are in a position where you must take responsibility and lead rather than avoid that environment, we come to feel how difficult that is. Not only this small environment but also the faith path of my own that says I will take historical overall responsibility before heaven is a daunting reality.

If I truly take that responsibility, looking at the Republic of Korea today, there are various types of people. Some may think they are great, while others may think they are not. Some may be knowledgeable, while others may be ignorant. There are those in power and those who are powerless.

When we consider the question of who will take responsibility for the bad things while leaving out the good in this entire group, if God exists and if there is still a providential will to save this Republic of Korea before heaven, then the bad deeds must be taken responsibility for by the citizens of the Republic of Korea. But who is the one responsible behind that? It must be heaven. Heaven must take responsibility.

If we think this way, is there anyone among the citizens of the Republic of Korea who can say, "I will take that responsibility for heaven"? Can you say, "I will take that responsibility"? I believe the answer is no.

God's providence of salvation cannot be solely the responsibility of God. God's providence of salvation must cooperate with people. Even if heaven does 95 percent, the remaining 5 percent must be fully the responsibility of humans. However, that 5 percent corresponds to 100 percent for humans themselves. Therefore, in order to fulfill that 5 percent before heaven's 95 percent, we must put forth our utmost sincerity.

When we see it this way, if heaven takes responsibility for the troubles of today’s Republic of Korea, shouldn't I also take responsibility for at least 5 percent of that? Shouldn't we take responsibility for at least 5 percent through the teachings of the principle? Furthermore, if we liberate heaven and fulfill our duty of loyalty and filial piety before heaven, shouldn't there be someone who can say, "I will take responsibility for that 100 percent," even if they cannot act on it, at least in their hearts?

Heaven knows that those who cannot take responsibility are, of course, aware of it. But if there are people who pledge and vow to take responsibility beyond their 5 percent, heaven may have hope and expectations for them compared to those who turn away and refuse to take responsibility.

When we think about this, we must reflect on whether we have ever made an effort or prayed, promising before heaven that we will take responsibility for not only that 5 percent but also for the 95 percent.

Not only that. The area that heaven takes responsibility for is not just the current situation. Now, looking ahead, heaven must continue to take responsibility for this. So, when I ask myself whether I can remain unchanged and take responsibility for that 5 percent and beyond, if today I discover that I do not have that self, I will not be able to have a self for the future after tomorrow.

In this view, how heartbreaking it must be for heaven to have to believe in someone who cannot have confidence in themselves. When we think of this, we realize that heaven is indeed a pitiful heaven.

Heaven cannot have expectations for humans, nor can it place hope in them. Humans are such that they change repeatedly. They are bound to change as they go along. Isn't that true for your faith lives as well? In the Unification Church, while there are times of gratitude, there are far more times of worry and burdens before heaven. When we think about how many times we have become a burden to heaven, we cannot help but feel how pitiful heaven must be to have to entrust its will to such beings.

When standing before heaven, you must ask yourself again. What position are you in? Are you in a position to fulfill the 5 percent of responsibility and engage in the work to take over the 95 percent, or are you turning away and taking a side path, avoiding even that 5 percent of responsibility? This is something we cannot ignore.

Believing in God and following His will is what will save Korea and the religious world. 

Today, I believe that the Republic of Korea is at a historical turning point. Moreover, from the perspective of this will, what I feel is that Korea, Japan, and the United States are aligned in a straight line.

You may have seen on TV a few days ago that our Unification Church demonstrated in Washington regarding the Vietnam issue. Even though I am in Korea, I am orchestrating this issue from here. The Vietnam issue in Asia is not just a problem of one country, Vietnam. It symbolizes a country that can represent the free nations of the world being attacked by the communist bloc. If it fails, no one can guarantee that Korea will not face a situation similar to that of Vietnam.

So, who will take responsibility for Korea? If Korea stands in such a position, who will it rely on, look to, and believe in? During the Korean War, President Truman of the United States sent UN troops through the UN to support Korea. If that had not happened, Korea would have lost its territory. When we think about how this country was able to maintain its name through the help of some country, what country can protect Korea in the future? When Korea itself loses its ability to protect itself, who will protect it? Who will protect it?

When we consider this issue, how blessed would it be if there were someone or some country stronger than the United States, more certain than the United States, and unchanging compared to the United States? If that happens, we could think, "Just as He does not change, I will not change either. As long as that country believes in us, I will believe in it. Before that country goes, I must go in the direction that country is going." 

When we think about this, if God truly exists, then that God has more power than the United States. He has a path and a purpose that surpasses that of the United States. The God who knows how to manage the world with a clear purpose, if I truly believe in Him, shouldn't I believe in Him more than He believes in me? Shouldn't the weaker position trust Him more? Shouldn't I be in a position to lead the way for His will rather than wait for Him to lead the way? If He stands in a position to help our country, shouldn't I be in a position to do even more for our country?

When we think about these issues, have the people of the Republic of Korea become a nation that can stand before that God? Haven't they become a nation that cannot stand? If they cannot even believe in themselves as the Republic of Korea, then they must be in a position to welcome some subject country or some entity they can rely on, and they must be in a position to be able to unite with that entity. If they cannot stand in that position, their fate will be miserable. If they encounter a situation like Vietnam, who will protect them and who will take responsibility? They will not be able to take responsibility. No matter how much they lament or plead at that time, it will not work. While their pleas may evoke sorrow and call for destruction, they will not stimulate any motive for liberation, peace, or hope.

If they find themselves in a miserable position and express their lamentation centered on themselves, is there anyone who will sympathize with them? No, there is not. It is because they have brought this upon themselves. The people of that country have done wrong. The wrongs of the past ancestors and the wrongs of the people in this era have led to a future without hope. This is the conclusion that must be made. 

From this perspective, it is the same when centered on the will. 

When we look at the religious world today, how is this religious world? Christianity has become completely secularized. We cannot have hope in it. It has been shattered into pieces under the onslaught of Satan. Whether it is the great Catholic Church or the great Protestant churches, we cannot have hope! There is no hope. Even spiritually, we cannot have hope.

As it is being choked, what is the fate of being in a position where one cannot go or leap over, just like in Saigon? If we are in such a position, isn't this the same fate as the Unification Church? Isn't it similar to the Unification Church?

Thus, whether it is Korea, Japan, or the United States, our Unification Church has found itself in a confrontation with communism. We cannot avoid fighting communism.

The activities being carried out in Korea and Japan to save Asia. 

Just a few days ago, the newspaper from the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan featured a special report on the Unification Church on the front page. This indicates that the Kim Il-sung regime is launching a full-scale offensive against our Unification Church. They know that we are a fearsome presence for them. More than anyone in the Republic of Korea, more than any country in Asia, the Unification Church is their cancer, their thorn. 

At this moment, when they are trying to concentrate all their arrows and launch them, do you realize that you are in such a position? You are unaware of it. They are surrounding us and planning an all-out offensive, and if you are asleep and unaware of this, how pitiful is that?

From the perspective of the will, are we not in such a position? Are we not the only group left as a breath of life in the face of the world of Satan's offensive? Will this group engage in a struggle that can expand, or will it simply extinguish here?

So, in Tokyo... Today is the 13th. What fight are we having since morning? We are trying to defeat Governor Minobe. I have been planning this for a year. I judged that if we do not defeat him, there will be no way for Korea, and certainly for Asia, to move forward in the face of communism. No one knows the operation that has been carried out to bring out this young man, Ishihara, and have him run for Tokyo governor. Who did that? I did it. It was not done by Kubo-ki. To bring him out was not a simple matter. It involved going through complex circumstances and forgetting one's own prestige...
He is the smartest person in Japan and still the man with the best record in election history, someone who is expected to excel as a writer. So, he might run for prime minister, but he has said he does not want to be the governor of Tokyo. 

Thus, through the backing of the Liberal Democratic Party and a complicated process, he decided to push and push, and this year he made a decision to run, declaring a strategy to force Minobe to retreat. If he had made such a decision and come out since January, he would have been in a considerably advantageous position, but he thought, "Now that Minobe is retreating, I will have a solo run, but winning that way won't enhance my prestige..." and while waiting to make another decision, he ended up in a disadvantageous position.

So, the question is whether the Liberal Democratic Party will take responsibility, or someone from Tokyo, or the governor will take responsibility. It's just a matter of watching the show and eating rice cakes. So, we had no choice but to mobilize our Unification Church.

We deployed over 5,000 young people. That is a huge expenditure. Even so, it is not that the Liberal Democratic Party is providing election funds; the funds are being raised with Ishihara's knowledge, and we are in a position where we need to cooperate. Ishihara said, "Kuboki was told to run!" So, we have been in a position where we cannot avoid fighting this wholesale battle.

Initially, it was estimated that the election results between Minobe and Ishihara would leave an 800,000 vote difference, determining victory or defeat before we even started; Minobe was expected to win. That is a decisive fact! The question is how to compress this 800,000 votes. This needs to be shortened to 13 days.

However, if our Unification Church, the Victory Alliance, steps in from the beginning, it will cause side effects. The Japanese right-wing party will oppose it, saying, "Ah, the International Victory Alliance is trying to swallow Japan whole." There will be many side effects. So, we had no choice but to wrap it up in the shortest time possible.

Thus, we prepared to start from April 1. We mobilized young people and began activities spreading across Tokyo. According to reports until the day before yesterday, the vote difference has been compressed to 150,000. The report yesterday indicated that the atmosphere has reached a neck-and-neck stage. It is uncertain who will win. "Currently, based on the situation, Ishihara is in the lead. The momentum of these young people sweeping the streets and their activities throughout the metropolitan area is creating an unprecedented atmosphere." This was the assessment until yesterday. You must understand that we are at a moment where we must decide this final battle.

Also, in Korea, regarding spiritual standards centered around Seoul, tomorrow is another issue. We are in a suffocating time fighting to form a united front connecting Washington, Japan, and Korea. Our Unification Church has been unaware of this. It is not a coincidence that we have come to such an environment. Someone must coordinate this. The Japanese members are completely unaware of the timing. I said, "If we don't have this number by 1974, we cannot save Japan." But looking back, I realized that this is indeed the case and regretted it, which is not acceptable. Thus, we have no choice but to carry out emergency operations.

We must clearly understand our position before God. When we look at such circumstances, do the members of our Unification Church feel that we are in a situation comparable to the battles occurring in Saigon and the fight we are facing today? Does each individual feel that this historic battle, the fight between heaven and Satan, will conclude based on their own actions? Are they living their lives with that awareness? Are they engaged in such a battle?

Currently, the international mobile units are eating the food or bread provided by hotels... That is understandable. They are starving because they have cut costs and are eating that. Despite the suffering of these young foreigners who have come here, are the members of the Unification Church saving even a piece of bread for them and praying for them with tears? Our comrades have come from abroad to save Korea and open the path for this nation and its people, and even if they cannot participate in that battle, they should at least sympathize. Are they sympathizing? When we think about these issues, we must reflect on ourselves once again. Especially in the face of such a suffocating final historic battle, isn't it time to stand before heaven and receive a fair judgment about ourselves? Can I continue like this?

"In the face of such an urgent battle today, if heaven has called someone like me to take on this responsibility, then heaven must have made a mistake. Heaven must have made a mistake." We must discover this. If heaven is not at fault, then you are at fault. One of the two is wrong. It is wrong.

Thus, we must reaffirm ourselves before heaven, we must establish a position. If I am in the east, I must be prepared to counterattack against the enemy attacking from the east. Not only to counterattack but also to have the capacity to launch an offensive again. When we think about these issues... you all know well what your strength is at a certain limit. You know what position you are in without needing to ask.

Honestly, we must go before heaven and reaffirm ourselves once again. I must acknowledge that I am a descendant of the fallen Adam and Eve, who cannot be forgiven for ruining the ideal of creation. I must acknowledge that I am a descendant who has come out indebted to heaven thousands and tens of thousands of times throughout the historical process. And today, I must acknowledge that I have taken on the responsibility of bearing all the evil while putting aside all the good in this present world.

Despite this, if there is hope from heaven for this nation or this people, then it is certain that heaven will take responsibility for all the bad. If we think about that, we cannot pass all the bad problems to someone else and only take the good. That is not a position that someone called by heaven can take.

I must fight with the spirit of taking on the most difficult responsibilities. Therefore, what I am thinking now is, "I will take on the most difficult responsibilities in front of this world." I must take on the most difficult responsibilities. What is that? It is to stop communism. What comes next? We must prevent the decline of Christianity. What comes after that? We must take responsibility for youth ethics issues. These three major issues are being raised in America. We should not avoid them but confront them head-on.

The more work we do, the more we encounter obstacles. Because we do a lot of work... there are many enemies and opposing factions, so various bad rumors arise, and problems occur. If we do not work and just stay still, problems cannot arise.

Everyone, think about it. Looking at the 30-year history of our Unification Church, until now we have been on the receiving end of counterattacks, and even if we had strength, we did not know how to use it. Even if we had the capacity to fight and the means to arm ourselves, we were not shown the direction to fight.

However, isn't it different now? We must sweep through Busan, Daegu, and all the way to Seoul. We must recognize that it is the mission of the Unification Church that we cannot avoid explosive and further expansion battles. It is not about extinguishing here. We must expand laterally from here. Although the Unification Church has been known as a miserable church, that is not the case. Although it has been known as a powerless Unification Church, that is not the case. Now, we will launch an offensive in all directions.

If we can do that, how delighted heaven will be if we break through the compressed situation we are in and launch a counterattack from this position of heaven's offensive! The more miserable and fierce the battle, the more heaven's expectations will be shattered, but if we can stand in a position to counterattack and resolve this issue, how much hope and joy will heaven have!

If this battle can bring joy to heaven, which was saddened when Adam and Eve fell, I will lead this battle to victory, even if it costs my life, my property, and everything. If this battle can give God the hope of the whole, isn't it a fight worth having? The more we make that determination, the more heaven will affirm a 95 percent commitment.

Communism is the enemy of God, and we must defend this nation at the forefront. Look, our Unification Church has nothing. We are bare, but we are standing at the forefront fighting against the world communist movement, and the communists themselves know this well throughout America. Wherever I go, wherever Reverend Moon speaks, the communists come waving their red flags and protesting against the American missionary spirit. It is unprecedented in history for communists to come to a Christian revival meeting and protest. Why? Because when the platform grows, the arrows will come back in the opposite direction... The same goes for Japan.

Therefore, we must protect this nation from the claws of communism. Even if Christianity collapses, even if the Unification Church collapses, this nation must not fall because of the communist world. We must protect it. This is the path of principle.

That is why we have been playing this game, whether or not the leaders of this nation recognize us. Thus, we have cultivated a powerful anti-communist force in this country. Even the government leaders of this nation are now recognizing this. However, instead of boasting about what is recognized now, through this recognized foundation, we must lead this nation and people into a nationwide mobilization against the world communist front, and on the day the communist world collapses, this nation will become the number one country in the world. That is certain. It is a historical fact.

From that perspective... everyone, Kim Il-sung is making full preparations and mocking the 38th parallel. They are digging tunnels, and they are preparing day and night... The members of the Unification Church should have already dug tunnels from here to Kim Il-sung's bedroom in Pyongyang. Even if we are doing such things, without becoming members of the Unification Church who can take such strong actions, we cannot repel this besieged world.

Should we do it if we like it and not do it if we don't? It doesn't work that way. Even if we don't like it, we must do it. Otherwise, we will die. We will cease to exist. The destruction of our humanity is acceptable, but it is God who becomes the unjust God. By whom? By the Unification Church.

We must recognize once again that we cannot avoid such thoughts. Recently, there has been opposition from established churches, but that is not a problem. I don't think that will be an issue. No matter how I look at it, it doesn't seem to be a problem.

The only issue is where this nation and this people are headed. Will we become a nation that betrays God's will, or will we go with God's will, even if only one person remains? If even one person remains and goes, then this nation will open the way to be saved because of that one person. The problem lies there. We cannot become the remnants of the defeated. Facing the final battle, we must fight to the end so that even if there is only one person left, they can return to heaven after defeating all enemies... There must be someone who can return to heaven.

You must think about that.

That is why the mindset of our leader is different from that of general established church leaders and religious leaders. We must awaken the great America, awaken the sleeping America, and launch a total war against the communist world. Not only that, we must launch a total war against the democratic world.

However, one frustrating and infuriating thing is that there is no platform. Since no one is creating that platform, I must create it through great effort. This is the battle we are currently fighting.

The Unification Church must repel the global Satanic offensive. When the leader comes, you may think, "Ah! It's good that he came to Korea. Oh! It would be great if he could always stay in Korea, but why is he going back to America?" But who will take responsibility? You must understand that. Who will be responsible for the final strategy? Who will take responsibility for this global Satanic offensive? We must take responsibility. If it is not the Unification Church, who else can take responsibility?

When I go to Japan, I feel like a sinner in front of the Japanese members when viewed from a human perspective. I see them not being able to eat well, not being able to dress well, sleeping on the streets like beggars, and working hard through the night, and I feel pity for them.

However, it is even more heartbreaking that their descendants will suffer, so they must sacrifice themselves completely. I am not using you. I am fighting at the forefront for your path. I do not waste the money you earn through your sweat and blood. Even when I drink a cup of tea, I think of that. Even when I buy a piece of clothing, I think of that. As much as possible, I am someone who does not want to eat or wear and does not want to owe you anything. They know that. Rather than cursing the leader when they are struggling, they do not think it is because they met someone like me; instead, they reflect on themselves and criticize themselves. How long will I lead them like this?

There is definitely a deep abyss. Men fall, women fall, and everyone is in a destiny where they can all fall, stumbling along the path of fate, having to cling to something to climb up the hill on the other side. They cannot avoid that valley. In any case, they must cross that valley. There, Satan will launch a total offensive. They will be ambushed in that total offensive. They must reveal their naked selves and cross that path in broad daylight. Therefore, there must be a group that fights and remains. Otherwise, God cannot cooperate. God cooperates with those who are trying to advance and are trying to do better for the whole. Will God help those who are supposed to go down, who do not know they must advance, and who are just standing still? If there are soldiers in that country, such a person will be shot dead.
Despite the military orders, I am lying down... Shouldn't everyone be aware of this? 
Finding a way to atone for historical sins is the path of Unification Church members.

From that perspective, when the teacher thinks, it is somewhat like saying, "Am I the only one left?" Just like Elijah, who, surrounded by the gods of Baal, prayed under the shade of a broom tree, saying, "I am the only one left. I am the only one in this universe." The free universe is vast, yet isn't it true that I cannot act freely? Am I not someone who cannot shake off this burden? 
Who else will take responsibility if not me? It is impossible to take responsibility. This place where I cannot go, where I cannot fight... Just as I am, God cannot stand in a position above that. I may die after a hundred years of life, and that may be the end, but God must bear an eternal burden that can never end, so how pitiful is that God? You must understand this. It is in this urgent moment that we engage in battle. 
In this Tokyo gubernatorial election, I declared that if we invest this much effort, we will undoubtedly win. If this effort is insane, we will surely win, but since we have not reached that number, what will happen? Fight day and night. When offering sacrifices, we must offer sincere sacrifices... We must dedicate what is precious and perfect, yet we offer what is flawed. Therefore, endure several times the suffering. After that, leave the results to heaven, saying, "I do not know." 
Knowing that you are engaging in this struggle, we, the Unification Church today, as individuals of the Unification Church, must reveal ourselves before heaven. Why have you gathered here? Did you come to receive blessings for yourself? No. You did not come to make your children successful. You came to save the nation and the world. Moreover, you came to liberate God. The perspective is different. 
From that viewpoint, can I stand before heaven and have something to say? You must discover yourself, unable to look away from your trembling fingers holding a spoon to eat. You must condemn yourself for merely closing your eyes while looking at the ceiling. You must curse yourself for dressing and going out for the day. 
As descendants who bear the historical blemishes and the ties of historical sins, in front of heaven, discover yourself, and even if I leave behind a historically miserable death, if there is even one hour to atone for all these historical sins, I must choose that place, and that is the path that Unification Church members should take. There is no room for excuses centered around oneself... 
Now, does what I plan for myself align with God's will and stand before heaven? Is it appropriate to plan for my family, my business, and my life on my own? When I think that I am not a hundred percent appropriate before heaven, I must discover myself, who is hundreds of times more ashamed than the fallen Adam and Eve, who hid behind the fig tree out of shame, and say, "I cannot turn my face before heaven." Have you discovered that you are that kind of self? 
Do you know that you are a self that cannot help but be that way? In this position, standing before the one who wishes to become one with me, I have no face to show, and if I give birth to children centered around such a self, I will have a shameful face as a parent before those children. Have you thought about that? It is a shameful fact to kiss and rub your cheeks against your children while humming sweetly. 
Even if I am a bad parent, even if I am a bad husband, I must have the heart to blame my own shame and say, "I would be grateful to die as I am." I must have the mindset that "if there is no battlefield, I have nothing to lose. On this land where I have no wishes, I can become a shell of a cannon before heaven, being shattered and destroyed in all directions and still be able to devastate the enemy." Have you ever had that kind of self? 
This issue is not trivial. Yesterday, I was invited to the inauguration ceremony at Incheon Church, and I am grateful for that. I appreciate the expectations placed on me, but a greater problem is waiting for me. I am anxious. The more I feel responsible... Look. If thousands of young people lose here, they will come to the person in charge and ask, "Why did you command us to lose?" They will think that heaven is not with me, even though they thought heaven was with me. You must understand that there are many sad circumstances in the providence of restoration. 

It is our responsibility to win in the most difficult and intense battles. 
Therefore, the content of all the prayers offered this morning is simple. I cannot say to God, "Please let us win." I cannot say, "Bless the Unification Church members and let them win." We should have prepared to win. I should have invested the necessary effort to have confidence. If I ask heaven to let us win, it will rather result in incurring debt. You must understand that. 
You all, hearing that foreign family members are hungry when they come here, that is a terrifying fact. A host who sends away hungry guests will never have a day of fullness. This is the principle of how the world operates. They have come a long way to find the land of Korea... I even instructed to secure special funds. What have the people in this headquarters done? What have the Unification Church members in Korea done? Have they contributed even a penny to welcome guests from around the world? What have they done? Have they sold even one piece of furniture to support them? 
I have already planned for this work a year in advance. I said, "This is how I will secure the money." Do you think the money being used just appeared? This morning, I called the president of the association and said, "What is the president doing? You should sell your house to do this work." That is my way of thinking. You must understand these things. Before heaven, you must be able to reveal yourselves and affirm your responsibilities. 
When I think of this Republic of Korea, I am astounded. Since January, I have injected 2.5 billion won in cash into this Republic of Korea. Do you think that money belongs to this country? It is worse than a bear cub... It is a terrifying amount of debt to foreign people! 
You should discuss this before heaven. "Did I do well in the past? Am I doing well now? Will I do well in the future? Is this enough?" In front of such an urgent global providence, now is the time to overcome. 
Somehow, the world is aligning with the principles of the Unification Church. You must understand how much heaven has worked for this. As I said, it has somehow fallen into place. Do you think this game will just happen? You must understand the sacrifices being paid behind the scenes. 
Thinking of the past, you must realize that you are inheritors of unacceptable ancestral ties, and you must take full responsibility for this era, not just for the good but for all the bad, and expel Satan. This is our responsibility in the Unification Church today. This is our responsibility. The most difficult battles are the ones we must take responsibility for. We must bear heaven and, with heaven behind us, engage in the fiercest battles. 
Korea is the most problematic country, which is why we are sending in global reinforcements. We are fighting that battle now. If we cannot overcome in this struggle, I cannot have expectations. God cannot have expectations either. This is the final front. 
I know the situation in Japan well, and I know the situation in America well. I know the situation of the Unification Church well. I have invested everything we have into this. This is not about everyone entering at once; it is about one or two people entering. It is about one or two people opening the door and entering. So who will those one or two people be? Who among the men and women will it be? When looking at this issue, today, the Unification Church must take responsibility for the most difficult path in this historical era and the most difficult problems. You must understand that. 
What should we do about the future? It is not a problem of me living well. We must educate our descendants. We must leave an example and tradition for our descendants. We must educate them to prevent them from going astray. 
Become a self that can invest everything and fulfill your responsibilities before heaven. Until now, the Unification Church, including myself as a leader, has walked a pitiful path. We have walked the path of refuge and have not settled down. We have walked the wilderness journey. 
From now on, we must settle down. To settle down, we must fight and win. We must drive out the Canaanite tribes. We must fight and win. If we do not win, there will be no settlement. We must win in this battle centered around this nation. We must win in Busan, we must win in Daegu, and we must win in Seoul. No matter how much the established churches oppose us, they cannot block our path. The opposition is all because they are afraid of us. We must win this battle. We must win at all costs. 
To win, I must invest my manpower, my financial resources, and all my sincerity. The results of victory will appear in proportion to that investment. This is scientific. We cannot expect miracles here. The outcome of this front will be determined by how much we invest. If we invest below our capacity, we will retreat from this position, and if we invest above our capacity, we will advance from this position. It is official. If we invest more than we currently are, we will advance, and if we invest less, we will retreat. You must understand this. 
Thus, God is responsible for all history, responsible for the times, and responsible for the future. Who is that heaven? Our Father. Although we, as sons, may be a small group on the surface, if we make a resolution and push forward, we can push it out. That is how I think. If we miss this opportunity, that Father will not escape the path of suffering for thousands of years. 
If we cannot make such an investment, we should rather die and become spirits, standing in a position where we can fight alongside God, taking on the responsibility of defending the eternal front. 
In this short time, at this moment compressed into a global peak, when we invest all our strength and overcome this crisis, a day of hope will come for us. 
Heaven has led the descendants of fallen humanity, but only by opening the path to victory in this fierce battle will we finally feel a sense of fulfillment. Because of you, this providence of restoration will bring victory, and because of you, liberation will be achieved before the providence of restoration, and because of you, a new heaven and earth will unfold, and you will have the ability to return to heaven by bringing about the opposite results that your fallen ancestors brought into the world of despair and death. You must understand that this is the path of restoration. 
Therefore, you must know well what you will take responsibility for before heaven. Do you want to drag your family to hold the church responsible? That is trivial; it is better to quit. Do you want to hold your wife and children responsible for the church? Do you want to drag your clan to hold the church responsible? Do you want to hold God responsible? You must take responsibility yourself. Do you want to drag your nation to hold God responsible? You must take responsibility yourself. When each of you can affirm such a mission, the will of heaven will expand globally. I believe you must think seriously about this once again. 
Moreover, since the international task force has now come in and is fighting at the forefront, you must encourage and comfort them by standing in front of them, beside them, and behind them; you must not just watch. If you do, that victory will not be your victory. In this final battle, who will bring about the victory? The international task force. Then who should receive the reward? "I should receive it." There is no such law. 
To possess all the blessings established in Korea, I must fulfill my role as the host to the end, and the guests must be influenced under our leadership to say they won because of us; it cannot be said that "the host also won because of us." That must be closed eyes and death. 
You must know this, and once again... You must know yourselves well. "What position am I in? Is this acceptable?" You must know well. There is no need to ask anything. There is no need to ask this or that. You know well. You know what kind of person you are. 
Looking back at the past, examining the present, and considering the future, you must discover yourself and ask, "Is this acceptable?" and wish to reveal yourself as a brave person before the final battle that heaven desires. 
<Prayer> Beloved Father! We have come to reveal the Unification Church from the individual to the family, nation, and global stage, overcoming the difficult path of restoration. This year, I see and hear that 130 new children of yours have been sent out and are already going. Please protect where they go, Father. What will they show? They will show heaven, show heaven's tradition, show heaven's love, show heaven's life, and show heaven's people. Please allow them to be able to do this. Thus, may you be able to say before all people and throughout the ages, "I have found such a person historically, I have tried to establish such a person in this era, and I bless such a person." I earnestly hope for this. May the good ancestors who have come and gone in the past, and the good religious people remaining on this earth, become a group of unity that can praise and say, "That is right." I earnestly desire and wish for this, Father. 
I have no desires regarding them. I earnestly hope and wish to become a group that is not ashamed before your will. There will be tears on the path they take, there will be thorny paths, and there will be rough gravel roads. Nevertheless, with a heart of loyalty for you, even if my flesh is torn and my bones break, even if I crawl, I wish to go with gratitude towards you, dedicating everything as a child of loyalty and filial piety. I do not wish to widely boast of the name of the Unification Church. I do not wish to boast of any individual in the Unification Church. I only wish to be a group that can go for your will.
Father! Now is the time for us to appear at the pinnacle of the world and show the way, but the path we have walked in the past has been so miserable and so filled with persecution that the blemishes and faults still remain. As I look at this and feel how astonishing it must be for you, who must digest this from a place of suffering, I cannot help but feel ashamed, and I know that this is the heart of a child standing here.

Father! I hope and wish that you will increase your love for those who are going forth.

Father! The international task force that has come to Korea, from April to mid-May 1975, marks the end of the second seven-year course. Just as we have proclaimed this to heaven and earth, we must connect it to the struggle to bring it to a conclusion. We must connect the national foundation to the spiritual world and launch into the physical world, heading toward the world era. Today, there is a practical course that must be centered on Korea, passing through Japan and connecting to America.

Therefore, this year's slogan has been set as "Realization of Heaven." Father! We must now engage in the battle of heavenly warriors to establish the heavenly nation. This will no longer be an internal struggle but an external one. We must confront the evil of the world head-on. Together with the Communist Party, with evil Satan, and with all evil deeds, we must fight, and I earnestly hope and wish that each of us will be allowed to be convinced of the historic mission we bear.

In Korea, we must realize that such responsibility rests on our shoulders today, and I earnestly hope and wish that we may become your children who can justly move according to your will in the steps we must take.

We must become children who are not ashamed to stand before heaven, who are not ashamed to represent the past, who are not ashamed to represent the present, and who are not ashamed to represent the future. To do this, we have now clearly understood that we must win in the final battleground, so I earnestly hope and wish that we may be allowed to be sons and daughters who can achieve this.

Today, we know ourselves well. We are aware of what kind of environment we are in and what position we hold, so I earnestly ask and wish that you allow us to clearly state this before heaven, to criticize ourselves, and to align ourselves with the new direction you desire.

I earnestly hope that you will take charge of everything from today onward. The work in Japan, the work of tomorrow, and all that will happen in the future should not be met with sorrow but should be welcomed with joy and hope, affirming the results as you have intended, and allowing a place of joy where you can rejoice together with the praise of all people.

To achieve this, I earnestly ask and wish that we may become children who can submit everything to you, like lambs, knowing how to offer everything to you. I ask that in all matters, your grace and love may be with your will forever, and I pray all these words in the name of True Parents. Amen.

**New Future for Humanity**
— Words from the Hope Day Festival in Seoul —

I sincerely thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for gathering here this evening. I apologize for my hoarse voice.

During this time, you may have been quite curious about who this person, Moon, who has caused a commotion by bringing unexpected young foreigners into the bustling heart of Seoul, really is. The person responsible, Moon Sun-myung, has now appeared on this platform. (Applause) I may not be very handsome, but I sincerely hope you will welcome me with your broad and generous hearts and evaluate me kindly. (Applause)

The title of the message I would like to share with you today is "The New Future for Humanity." I will speak briefly on this topic.

The resolution of the various problems facing humanity in this chaotic situation begins with the establishment of a clear view of God. You all know well that the world we live in today is a chaotic one. After the Middle Ages, we have passed through an unclear era of theocentrism and have now arrived at an uncertain era of anthropocentrism. Moreover, we are in an era of materialism, which can be described as a materialistic age. All of this has resulted from the inability to present a clear content throughout the historical process while being in a state of confusion. Today, on April 14, 1975, we are facing a point of irretrievable de-ideologization.

Therefore, the issue for us now is not the lack of people or the lack of material. The problem arises from the absence of a clear view of God. If a clear view of God is established, then a new view of life and a new view of history through that view of God must be established; otherwise, a new future for the world cannot emerge. So what is the problem here? If we truly know God, then we believe that all the issues stemming from the unclear view of God that began to decline in the Middle Ages, the currents of anthropocentrism in the present age, and the issues of materialism will be resolved.

Therefore, the question of whether God exists or not cannot be avoided. I cannot help but think about how to leave an unforgettable impression on all of you gathered here this evening. So, where should we start thinking about God?

**Proving God's Existence Through the Human Body**

If we quietly observe ourselves, the most important part is the face. Among the face, the most important part is our eyes. If we think about this centered on our eyes and trace the history of these eyes, we can say they came from our parents. Then, where did the eyes of those parents come from? If we trace back through our ancestors to the first humans, we find that the fundamental history of the eyes rests there.

When the eyes were born, did they know that there was a sun in the sky? If we ask this, we must say that the eyes themselves could not know that there was a sun. Moreover, why do our eyes blink? It is because we know that moisture evaporates due to the sun and radiant heat on this earth. Furthermore, we have eyelashes, and we know that these eyelashes exist because there is dust in the air.

So, did the original eyes know that there was a sun in the sky? No matter how much we think about it, we cannot answer yes. Did the eyes themselves know that this earth has the ability for moisture to evaporate due to radiant heat? If we ask that, we cannot answer yes. Did the eyelashes know that there is air? If we ask whether the eyelashes knew that there was dust in the air to prevent it from entering the eyes, no one can answer yes.

When we look at our eyes, which are made of material, we cannot deny that their existence is based on astronomical knowledge. There was a sun before the eyes were created, there was air before the eyes were created, and there was evaporation before the eyes were created. The eyes themselves did not know this, but we cannot deny that someone knew this.

In other words, when we think about the fact that the eyes themselves arose based on biological knowledge, we must acknowledge that before the eyes existed, there was a sun, there was dust in the air, and there was moisture evaporating on this earth. Someone must have known this before humanity was born. In that state, the eyes were created to be able to adapt.

Even when we look at just our eyes, there are thousands of eye doctors. However, even eye doctors do not fully understand the mysterious and unknown world of the eyes. When we think about the fact that the eyes are a palace of infinite mysteries, we come to realize that there was an existence that knew all of this before the eyes were born and that it was inevitable for us humans to be born in this way.

When we realize that there is an origin that thought of something before any material or existence, we must acknowledge that this thinking subject is God. When we are born, we already know that we will be able to walk. This can be understood by looking at our eyebrows. Eyebrows were created to prevent sweat from flowing down from the forehead into the eyes.

Furthermore, your noses are similar. Why do your noses widen as they go down, and why do they have grooves on either side? It is to prevent sweat from flowing into the mouth. We cannot deny that this is a fact that was known in advance.

In this way, someone knew everything and allowed us humans to be born. So who is this knowing being? We cannot help but say it is God. In this sense, we must conclude that God exists.

**God's True Love, Ideals, Happiness, and Peace Are Possible Through Human Beings**

We humans have never ceased to long for true, eternal, and unchanging love, ideals, happiness, and peace. Such ideal conditions cannot be fulfilled through changing human beings. This is clearly evidenced when we look at the current world situation we are in today.

In such times, if there is an unchanging, absolute, eternal, unique, and immutable God, then we cannot help but demand the origin of true love, true ideals, true peace, and true happiness from that God. From that perspective, we can only welcome a new world of peace and happiness when we establish a view of God that sees God himself, a view of life that sees God himself, and a view of material that sees God himself.

What is the issue here? No matter how absolute God is, can that God achieve love, ideals, happiness, and peace alone? It is impossible for God alone. Love, ideals, peace, and happiness cannot exist in isolation. They are formed under relative conditions. Therefore, even if God is absolute, when there is no counterpart before God, the absolute love, absolute ideals, or absolute happiness and peace that God desires cannot be fulfilled.

From this perspective, what exists in this created world that can appear as an objective being before the absolute God? There is no other being besides human beings. Only humans possess the value to fulfill God's ideals, to complete God's true love, and to realize God's happiness and peace.

Thus, God is the subject, and we humans are the object. When we look at ourselves as the object before God, who can be the king of true love, the king of true ideals, and the king of true peace, we must recognize that we are beings of infinite value.

**Humans Want Their Objects to Be Better Than Themselves**

In the relationship between subject and object, I would like to ask you one thing: When a young man chooses a partner, does he want to choose someone inferior to himself or someone superior? If we ask this, the natural conclusion is that everyone wants to choose someone better than themselves. Furthermore, what parent wishes for their beloved child to be born inferior? No parent wishes for that; they desire a child who is better and more excellent than themselves.

Let’s say a handsome man or beautiful woman gets married and has their first child. When comparing the child's face to the parents' faces, it may not look like either parent, but when someone says, "Your child is even better looking than you," we see the parents beaming with joy. (Applause) This demonstrates that wanting one's partner or child to be better is a natural desire of human nature.

So, who do humans resemble when they have such demands? When we think about it, we cannot deny that humans are not causal beings but rather result-oriented beings. Causes must manifest through a certain content as results. If we humans wish for our objects or our children to be better than ourselves, it is only natural to conclude that this demand arises because we resemble the causal being, God. (Applause)

From this perspective, if we turn our question to God, asking, "God, do you also wish for your objects to be better than you? Do you wish for your son to be better than you?" we would find that God would also conclude, "I cannot help but give the same answer as you." (Applause)

Today, humanity thinks very poorly of its own value. Many people treat themselves as worthless, like animals. I hope that one thing you remember from being here today is that God wishes for you to be better than Him. If you remember this and return, it cannot be anything less than a great discovery. (Applause)

Only by restoring the inherent value of dignified humanity can we find a path to the world of true love, and a path to the world of true ideals, true happiness, and true peace. Until now, theologians have thought that the Creator and the created cannot stand on equal ground. (Applause) We say God is love. But what does it mean to love alone? We also know God as the ideal God. But what can be achieved by being ideal alone? Can one be happy alone? Can there be peace or freedom alone?

From this perspective, we humans have lost our inherent value. If we had retained our inherent value, we would surely have become humans whom God could elevate. (Applause) Because there is a human nature to restore this inherent value, we desire to be the highest object or the highest subject.
that you must understand that it cannot be anything other than our desire.
Is there anyone among us fallen humans today who wishes for the existence of a beloved one to disappear or change after a year or ten years? Love is eternal; the object of love is eternal, unchanging. It demands an immutable and absolute love from a higher, unique, and absolute position. Even we, fallen humans who have lost our original value, demand such things. Would God, who is the eternal and unchanging Absolute, wish for the existence of that object of love, which is humanity, to exist only for a moment and then disappear? It cannot be so. Since God is eternal, it is only logical that He desires the existence of the object of love, which is humanity, to be eternal as well. (Applause)
When we think from this perspective, I understand that among those present here today, there may be some who are not religious. However, one thing that everyone must realize tonight is the decisive conclusion that life must be eternal. (Applause) Only to that extent can it be said that life is the most precious among all things. Is that not so? Therefore, life must be eternal. Life must be unchanging. Life must be absolute. Life must become a unique existence. Why? Because God is the subject, and we must understand that humanity, which is the object of love, ideals, and happiness, must also be so. (Applause)
Now you have come to know that the ideal realization in the relationship between subject and object is possible, and that the world of love, the world of happiness, the world of peace, and the world of true freedom are all possible. You have now clearly understood the concepts of subject and object.
Thus, problems arise here. What is it that the wise King, God, cannot help but think about? When following the principles of creation, where does the foundation of true love, true ideals, and true peace lie? The wise King, God, cannot help but think about this.
The Ideal Origin of Creation and the Origin of the Fall
Until now, we have not even considered the question of where to set the ideal origin of creation. What does the word creation itself mean? It refers to the input of everything. In order for thought itself to come into being, it must invest its own corresponding power. Existence begins from that investment.
When God thinks about the relationship between subject and object, there are only two paths. One is the path where God, as the center, has the object serving the subject, and the other is the path where God Himself, having created the object, serves humanity. We must set the ideal origin of God here.
If all objective beings before the subject, God, are to absolutely obey and serve only the subject, what will happen? Just as God exists as a masculine subject, if among humans, the man is the subject and the woman is the object, then if the man also says to the woman, "Serve the subject," what will happen? The path to oneness will be blocked.
However, when the wise King, God, establishes a position where the object can say, "Serve," everything can become one. Therefore, where do we set the ideal origin of creation? In conclusion, we must understand that we cannot place it in a position that says to serve oneself, nor can we place it in a position that says to serve the other.
What kind of humans are fallen humans? We humans are meant to exist for God, and God is meant to exist for humanity. We have established the principle of existing for one another. However, the fall began when humanity started to realize its autonomous self outside of this principle. In other words, it tried to place itself in a position that says everything should serve itself. From here, the origin of the fall arose. The principles of heaven and earth began to deviate.
All ideal beings can only exist based on the principle of existing for one another.
Just as God exists for humanity, if humanity, having received the example and education from God, existed for God like God, the realization of the ideal world would have been possible. However, because humanity emphasized its own subjectivity centered on itself, the fall occurred. We can clearly see this fact evidenced through the Bible. Therefore, if we were to draw a formal conclusion here, what conclusion could we reach? We can conclude that all ideal creations, all ideal beings, can only exist based on the principle of existing for one another. (Applause)
Let’s examine whether this is true or not. Suppose there is a parent who was born for the sake of their child, lives for the sake of their child, and dies for the sake of their child. Then that parent cannot be anything other than a true loving parent, a true ideal parent, a true happy parent, and a true peaceful parent for their child. This is something we cannot deny.
The opposite is also true. Where is the true filial child? It is not one who is born for themselves, but one who is born for their parents, lives for their parents, and dies for their parents. Such a person is a filial child. In other words, we refer to children who are born for the sake of others, live for the sake of others, and die for the sake of others as filial sons and daughters. (Applause)
When you look at the men and women living on this earth… I believe many distinguished individuals from Seoul are present here, but first, let’s consider men. Why were they born? "Why was I born? I was born because I wanted to be a man, not because I was born because of a man." This contradicts the principle. Where did the origin of man come from? It did not originate from serving himself. For what reason? It originated because of women. Even if it feels unpleasant, it cannot be helped. Today, many great men do not consider that men came into being because of women. Among the audience gathered here, the women may be delighted, saying, "Oh!" They feel good, but women should not be pleased. Why do women, who are modest and beautiful, wear nice clothes and put on makeup? Is it for themselves? Even if a woman is well-made up, if there are about 100 other women who are equally attractive, and if those women praise her, saying, "Oh, your makeup is beautiful!" it would feel unpleasant.
However, if great men say, "Ah, how beautiful!" their hearts lift with joy. Isn’t that so? "Yes." That is true. Women were not born for themselves; they were born because of men. We must understand that the origin of the existence of women is for men. Even though they exist for one another, the problem arises when they think they were born for themselves. (Applause)
Then what kind of ideal husband is a good husband? When asked what an ideal husband is, is it someone who always says to serve only himself? No, it is not. When a man says, "Ah, I was born from my mother’s womb for you," does that satisfy a woman? She feels pleased and thinks, "That’s right." Also, in life, if he says, "I live for you," it should not be "I live 5% for myself and 95% for you." Such a person is not ideal. The ideal husband is someone who says, "I live 100% for you." Isn’t that so? (Applause) That is true.
Even looking at the male physique, why are the shoulders so broad? It resembles a football champion. And why do women have larger hips? I don’t know if the subway in Seoul gets crowded, but when you ride a packed subway in a place like New York, what happens? When a broad-shouldered man sits next to another man, there is a small gap between them. But when a woman with larger hips sits next to him, it fits perfectly. (Applause) You must understand that this demonstrates the existence of a mutually supportive structural requirement.
Therefore, where can we find a true husband or a true wife? It is not found elsewhere. A man who is born for his wife, lives for his wife, and is willing to die for his wife can say, "Ah! He is the ideal husband, the eternal subject of my love."
Thus, a wife with such a husband can say, "I am a happy wife." Moreover, it can be said that such a family is a peaceful family. However, we know well that a woman with a husband who says to serve himself is unhappy. From this perspective, we must highly praise God, the Lord of the universe, who established the principle of existing for one another as the origin of creation. (Applause)
The same applies to siblings. What kind of brother do you desire? You do not want a brother who fights and says, "Oh, brother, serve only me." You want siblings who can support one another. Parents actually hope that their children will support one another more than they support them. This is the true desire of parents. Therefore, true siblings are not those who say to serve oneself, but those who genuinely seek to support one another, establishing true love and happiness among siblings. We cannot deny this.
We have now found a conclusion here. True love can only begin where there is a principle of existing for one another, and true ideals, true happiness, and true peace can only begin there. This formula can be established here. (Applause) If God has established such a formula for the creation of the universe, then only through this formula can the love, ideals, happiness, and peace that God desires be possible. It is only natural to conclude that there can be nothing outside of this. (Applause)
What is a true patriot, a true hero, or a true saint? When we apply this formula, a true patriot is someone who is born for the sake of the country, lives for the sake of the country, and dies for the sake of the country. If someone is born, lives, and dies for the sake of their country and its people, then they must be a patriot. We know well that figures like Admiral Yi Sun-sin are patriots. (Applause) If we were to rank them, those who live more for others are superior. Therefore, the more someone possesses the spirit of serving others in a miserable position, the higher the level of patriotism they have. The conclusion drawn from this formula cannot be automatic.
Let’s broaden our scope by applying this formula. Throughout the historical process, many great figures and saints have come and gone. Who, in the historical process, has been the greatest and most remarkable saint? Through this formula, we can quickly discover that it is someone who was born for humanity, lived for humanity, and died for humanity, and who does not blame others but instead prays for humanity. Such a person cannot be anything less than the greatest saint in history. (Applause)
I believe many people from other religions are present here who are not Christians. I apologize, but I must draw one conclusion for you. Let’s consider who Jesus Christ is. He came to this earth for all people. He did not come for Himself. He came for all people and for God. Furthermore, He did not live for Himself but for God and humanity. Not only that, He did not die for Himself.
In His final prayer, He said, "Abba, Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as You will." From this, we can see that Jesus did not die according to His own will. What was the Father’s will? It was to die for humanity.
Therefore, Jesus came for humanity, lived for humanity, and died for humanity. Even though the Roman soldiers who nailed Him to the cross were His unforgivable enemies, Jesus had the heart to bless them and prayed for them. This shows that Jesus is undoubtedly the one who lived more for humanity than anyone else in history. Thus, Jesus Christ must be the greatest of all saints. (Applause)
The Old and New Testaments conclude with the two words "exist for others."
In this sense, if God exists, and if there is someone who has perfectly passed the principle of serving others in good times and bad, it can only be Jesus. Therefore, God cannot help but protect Jesus and promote Christianity. Thus, Christianity must inevitably become a world religion. (Applause)
If we analyze Jesus’ words, they are simple. They are simple. "I did not come to be served…" What did He say? "I came to serve!" This was to clarify the attitude of heavenly principles. He did not come to be served; He came to serve. This is the ideal origin of all beings created by God, and we must understand that Jesus is the one who preached this origin and walked a life that aligns with it.
No matter how much content the 66 books of the Old and New Testaments contain, they conclude with these two words. It all ends with "exist for others." "He who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted." This paradoxical logic, when viewed through the principled origin of creation, cannot be anything other than truth, a fact we were unaware of. (Applause)
I believe many of you may not know well about the spiritual world called heaven. I, standing here, have experienced the content of the spiritual world through God’s specific grace. What is the structure of that world? It is simple. Who can enter heaven? Those who live for themselves cannot enter. (Applause)
The ideal origin and the central being of creation, God Himself, exists as a principled central being who exists for the universe. The conclusion that "only those who exist for others can enter" is an obvious conclusion.
It cannot be otherwise. However, if there are people among you who believe in Jesus to fulfill their own desires by using the church, such people cannot enter heaven. Who can enter heaven? No matter how long someone attends church until they die, those who believe for the sake of God and humanity can enter heaven, but those who believe centered on their own interests cannot enter heaven.

What is true religion?
Since our homeland is the world where God exists, the Lord of heaven and earth, what is the place that trains us to align with the laws of that homeland? We must understand what is called religion. When we ask what the mission of religion is today... it is not God's will to live for one's own denomination like those who are authoritarian in their religious practices. We must become a denomination that lives for God and humanity, even beyond our own authority. We should not live for our own church or fight for our own church, but rather fight against Satan and move forward for humanity. You must understand this.

Therefore, today, religion is a place that trains us to return to the world of our homeland according to its laws. Throughout history, many religions that followed God's will have engaged in acts that deny themselves.

“Sacrifice and serve!” This is something that has not been understood until now. Why must we engage in sacrificial service? It is because the original world is a homeland that can be upheld. Therefore, to go to that world, we must be equipped with the training and preparation to reach it. Thus, the higher the religion, the more it has demanded sacrificial service, which can be recognized as a historical fact that God has providentially guided through the historical process. (Applause) We can acknowledge that God exists.

Then, what is true religion? It is simple. It is a religion that acts according to God's will. What is God's will? God's will is to save the universe. In other words, it is to save the world. Christians must understand this. God's will is not to seek the interests of any particular denomination, such as Presbyterianism. It is to save the world. We must save the world even at the cost of our denomination, and we must save the world even at the cost of Christianity. This is God's will. (Applause)

There is a verse that even Sunday school students know well. In John 3:16, it says, “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” Therefore, God did not give his only Son because he loved a particular denomination. We must understand that the “world” he loved includes humanity. (Applause)

If you were to ask the Lord, Jesus Christ, “Lord!” and he replies, “Yes, why?” and you say, “You only want to be the Lord of our denomination, right?” how would he respond? Would he say, “Yes!”? Would he respond, “Yes!” if you said, “You only want to be the Lord of the Catholic Church, right?”? Absolutely not! You must understand that he wants to be the Lord of humanity. (Applause)

The original mission of Christianity is to fulfill God's will, and to fulfill God's will, we must fulfill our responsibility for the salvation of humanity. If we do not, we cannot stand before the judgment seat and find our way. I have come to realize this. You must clearly understand this. Where is true religion? It is a religion that has the claim to invest not only for its own nation but also for its own denomination or church for the sake of humanity. Such a religion will not perish. It will not perish. (Applause) In a reality where there are so many heresies and sects that cannot be trusted, we must discern based on the principle of who lives more for the nation and who lives more for humanity; you must understand that truth and falsehood will be clearly divided. (Applause)

This evening, as you come to the Jangchung Gymnasium, one thing you must remember is that you must live for others. When you live for others, a clear conclusion will be drawn about whether you can go to heaven or hell. If I have lived for 50 years, when I reflect on that life, if I have lived more than half for myself, I cannot go to heaven. I have come to realize that I cannot. However, if I have lived more than half for others, and further, for humanity and for heaven and earth, then surely I will enter heaven. You can find out by dying. You can find out by dying. (Applause)

Therefore, a true person is one who can live for others. Thus, the Bible considers pride an enemy. It tells us not to be proud but to be humble. It teaches us to be raised from the lowest position for the sake of God and humanity; is this not the core thought of the Bible that Christianity speaks of? You cannot deny this.

The reason God had to establish the principle of living for others
So, what is the problem here? Why could God not help but establish the principle of living for others? I will mention a few reasons. Why could he not help but establish the principle of living for others? This is the question. Look, I will ask you one thing. Suppose there is someone who has truly risked their life to help you. If you owe them 100 percent, would you want to repay only 50 percent and pocket the other 50 percent, or would you want to repay more than 100 percent? What is your true nature? Without a doubt, your true desire is to repay more than 100 percent, which is why today we have the possibility of being saved according to that true desire. (Applause)

If there is a Mr. Moon, and he has truly given his life to help someone named Lee or Kim, when that Lee or Kim repays him, they will repay more than 100 percent. Therefore, it increases. If they repay him with more than 100 percent out of their true heart, he will want to repay even 120 percent in return. (Applause)

From this perspective, the more we give and receive, it does not diminish but rather increases, and from this, the concept of eternity is established. Eternity is concluded here. (Applause) If you have repaid 100 percent from a self-centered position, the more you give and receive, it will decrease to 70 percent, 40 percent, and eventually all will disappear.

Therefore, we must understand that the wise King, God, cannot help but establish the principle of living for others. When we live for others, not only do we gain eternal life, but prosperity also arises from it. It develops from there. (Applause) Young people, if you understand this, it is simple, but you have not realized it. Isn’t that right? If you owe a debt, you would never repay it just adequately. You have a true desire to repay with your life and even more. Because of that heart, you must understand that you can go to heaven.

What is the second reason why we cannot help but establish the principle of existing for others? For example, suppose there are eight family members in your home. Centered around the father and mother, there are older brothers, sisters, and younger siblings living together. If the youngest sibling is more dedicated to the family than the father, mother, or older siblings, what happens? They will gradually be elevated and become a central figure. (Applause)

Today, all the logic taught in religion may seem paradoxical, but when we follow the principle of existing for others, the more one can serve, the more they become a higher central being. (Applause) If today’s self-centered young men and women understood this, they would all become like this. It is simple. Why has the Bible established paradoxical logic? It is because it teaches us to follow the origin of such heavenly principles. Thus, we can discover through this conclusion that it has been taught paradoxically. (Applause)

How does one become a central being? God exists for the entire universe, so those who serve resemble God. Therefore, it is reasonable to establish beings who resemble God as central beings representing Him. You must understand this. When you truly become a subject who serves, you cannot help but become a true object of service.

What is the issue in today’s political philosophy? It is the problem of rulers and the ruled. How to solve this problem has been a concern until now. Here, it can be simply resolved. Standing in a position that can serve more, being ruled and guided by that central being is something that people today have felt ashamed of. They say, “I cannot live being ruled by others!” but that is not true. We have not realized how happy it is to be completely guided and ruled by someone who truly serves you. (Applause)

If you go to the spiritual world, you will realize that God is the central being of heaven and earth, and the more you are ruled by Him for a thousand years, the greater happiness there is. If you do not believe this, just try dying. Is it true or not? Today, we did not know this. We did not realize that there could be true peace in the presence of someone who can truly rule for our sake. The one who serves becomes a central being, and by becoming a central being, we can create a completely unified environment. This is something we must understand. (Applause)

Next, what is the third reason? Why could we not help but establish the principle of existing for others? Until now, when you think of “love,” you easily thought, “That is my love.” When you think of “love,” you thought it was your love. But where does love come from? “Love does not come from me…” Absolutely not. When you think of “ideal,” you think, “That ideal does not come from me…” Absolutely not. You must understand that love and ideals, which are more precious than life itself, cannot come from me. Where do these precious things come from? You must understand that they come from the other. (Applause)

No matter how much God is God, can He just say, “Oh, love, love, love…”? Can He say, “Oh, I have an ideal. I can have an ideal”? You are the same, aren’t you? If I were to recite poetry while looking at this cup lid and smiling, you might see me as a normal person, but if there were no cup, what would happen? If I opened my eyes and laughed while fidgeting, what would that be? A mad person, right?

You did not realize how precious the other is. Therefore, where does love, which is more precious than life, and ideals, which are more precious than life, come from? They do not come from me but from the other, so we must humbly bow our heads and recognize that we cannot help but establish the principle of serving others. (Applause)

Heavenly strategy to unify the church
When you think about it, you might wonder, “Who on earth is that person?” Mr. Moon, who bears the name of the Lord of the Second Coming, is the representative who has suffered the most damage here. What does it matter, what does it matter, what does it matter… What kind of person is he? What is the Unification Church? It is simple. Can the Unification Church unify the church as its name suggests? Can it unify the church?

When you think about it, the Roman Catholic Church and the Greek Orthodox Church have not become one even after 950 years of history, and Protestantism has split into over 400 denominations, fighting and tearing each other apart for hundreds of years. You might think that Mr. Moon of the Unification Church has lost his mind to think he can unify this. However, I can conclude that the problem is simple. Through what is this possible? Through the principle of existing for others… If Catholic priests can serve more for the sake of the Unification Church members or Mr. Moon than for their own church, they will come to this side. They will become one. (Applause) If Catholic Church members can live for the sake of the Unification Church bishops more than for their own bishops, then unity is possible. (Applause) The path of serving more leads to eternal prosperity, and those who walk that path become central beings, and people desire to be guided by them, bringing love and ideals, making unity inevitable. You must understand this. (Applause)

Based on this reasoning, the person who represents the Unification Church has received all sorts of slander and defamation from established churches for the past 30 years but remains silent. It is not because he is incapable of speaking. He has come out quietly because he knows that the path of the heavenly law is a very strict and cold principle. Just like God, just like Jesus Christ, he must walk that path. Look, if a true person stands in a true position and is struck by someone who is not true, will they not have to pay damages? Right? How many times? Threefold, sevenfold, twelvefold, seventyfold, one hundred twentyfold; they will repay according to those multiples.

Therefore, if a higher and better Christian is killed, there is a heavenly strategy that claims damages of hundreds of times. (Applause) The established churches can all unite and oppose the Unification Church, but when the Unification Church becomes better than you, even if you have fought for your own good, you will have to transfer that to the Unification Church as damages. This is theoretical. (Applause)

Therefore, even today, the Unification Church is smiling quietly despite facing considerable opposition. What is the opposition? It is a game of taking away blessings. If you mismanage it, the nation may go back and forth, and the foundation of the achievements built by your ancestors may go back and forth, which we did not realize. We must know this and from now on, Christianity must wake up. (Applause)

The stage of realizing ideals is possible through gradual laws
Since a lot of time has passed, let’s conclude. On this world map, on this planet, we must understand that it is God's wish for someone to appear who can absolutely serve God beyond individuals, families, tribes, nations, the world, and even the universe. (Applause)

Today, we must find out which organization, which group with certain thoughts and ideologies, is expanding the way to live for others from individuals to families, tribes, nations, and the world, because God, who established the principle of living for others, cannot help but seek them. (Applause) In this way, the Unification Church is struggling to stand in that position before God's will, and I hope you remember that it is an organization. (Applause)
Here, we can conclude that there are ideal realizations possible through gradual laws and formulas. The husband must live for the wife, the wife for the husband, and parents for their children. Furthermore, families should not live solely for their own families. Families must live for their tribes and relatives. Additionally, tribes must live for their nations. And nations should not seek to dominate other nations for their own benefit, but rather should sacrifice themselves for the world. We must recognize that we are looking for such nations. (Applause)

There is no separate dictator, nor is there a separate empire of dictatorship. There exists a dictatorial state that says, "Live for me," trampling over numerous nations and ethnicities for the sake of its own country. You must understand this fact, which is an enemy of God.

As you know, today, communism began to fracture between the Soviet Union and China starting in 1957. It claimed world communism solely for the Slavic people, leading to this division. Because it dreamed of communism with the Soviet Union as the central nation forever, it had to split. However, if Soviet communism had the ideology of sacrificing itself for world communism, then the Soviet Union and China would not have split. You must understand that the Soviet Union was unable to establish a super-ethnic ideological standard. Therefore, it began to break from there.

Today, even the United States, which is the leading nation of democracy, must consider how it should proceed in light of God's will. If the United States claims to be the central nation of democracy, it must sacrifice itself to lead democracy for the world. If that were the case, the United States would not fall. However, because it has placed itself in a position that prioritizes its own interests over the world, the United States is suffering in a miserable corner today.

From this perspective, where can we find the ideals and ideologies capable of leading the world in the future? If a nation and ethnicity arise that transcend their own interests and are willing to sacrifice themselves to save the world, then at that time, they may be sacrificed in a miserable position, but at some point in the 25th or 30th century, a time will surely come when the world will need them. Therefore, you must understand that they can become the leading nation of the world at that time. (Applause)

Today, the Republic of Korea should not set itself up solely for its own sake. Who will establish a Republic of Korea for Asia? Who will establish a Republic of Korea for the world? Moreover, who will establish a Republic of Korea for God? This is the direct path that the Korean people, who are currently in a miserable state, must seek. (Applause)

In this sense, the Unification Church is fighting at the forefront against communism, even at the cost of bleeding and sacrificing its own church. To prevent the collapse of the democratic world, it is prepared for painful sacrifices. Even if its own entity is sacrificed, God will surely be with the foundation that leaves behind this solemn ideology. Who would have thought that Jesus, who was labeled a national traitor and died worthless at the age of thirty by the Sea of Galilee, would have the ideology of a nation capable of founding a democratic world to lead the world? It is the same logic. 

That is why today, our Unification Church is quietly paving this path. 

To the international mobilization members gathered from 25 countries, we have taught, "Love the world more than your own country!" This is the path that God desires, the path that true religion must take. Therefore, I hope you remember that they have come to propose a movement to love one nation more than their own nation, even in Korea today. (Applause)

God desires a nation that can take responsibility for the world. He desires a church that can sacrifice everything for the world. You must understand this. If you ask God, "Do you want to be the God of Christianity or the God of the Unification Church?" God does not want to be the God of Christianity or the God of the Unification Church. He wants to be the God of the world. He wants to be the God of the saved world. You must understand this. (Applause)

Let us live an official life towards the ideal world. 

Those who are going towards a higher dimension can eternally thrive in a higher position and automatically govern in that environment. You must understand that from there, you can possess eternal love and eternal ideals that come from heaven. Therefore, the husband lives for the wife, the wife for the husband, and the couple lives for their children; families live for their tribes.

From here, a formula emerges that can reach personal views of life, national views, cosmic views, or views of God. Families live for their tribes, tribes for their nations, nations for the world, the world for God, and God lives for us; this is the ideal. (Applause)

You must go to the place where the highest God says, "I exist for you," and the highest God's love says, "I exist for you," to achieve peace, happiness, ideals, and true love. (Applause)

In other words, what is mine is my wife's, what my parents have is for the family, what the family has is for the tribe, what the tribe has is for the nation, what the nation has is for the world, what the world has is for God, and what belongs to God is mine. (Applause)

Such a world is possible, where individuals can serve, families can serve, societies can serve, and nations and the world can serve. This is the ideal realm we desire. In this ideal realm, there is true love, true peace, true happiness, and true freedom. That is the ideal world we long for. Moreover, since such a world unfolds on earth, centered on God, it cannot be anything other than the heavenly kingdom on earth. (Applause)

You must understand that fallen humanity must advance towards such a place. When this world is finally realized, I hope you remember that a new future for humanity and a world of new hope will unfold. I will conclude my remarks here. (Applause)

**A New Future for Humanity**  
— Remarks at the Hope Day Grand Festival in Jeonju —  

This evening, I sincerely thank the citizens of Jeonju and those from nearby cities for gathering in such great numbers. 

I believe that many of you who have gathered here are quite curious about the Unification Church and its leader, Moon Sun-myung. You may have wondered who the person is that brought unexpected foreign young men and women to this quiet city of Jeonju and caused a commotion. That person, Moon Sun-myung, has now appeared before you. Although I may not be particularly handsome, I hope you will open your hearts wide and evaluate me with goodwill. (Applause)

I have received reports that many citizens are also outside this venue. I feel sorry that I cannot meet them directly, but I sincerely thank them for attending, even if it may be tedious.

As you listen to my words after enjoying songs, dances, or films with good content and excitement, I wonder if you are still in a joyful mood. However, I ask for your understanding and hope you will enjoy this time together. 

The solution to the various problems faced by humanity in this chaotic state comes from the conviction of God's existence. The title of the message I would like to share with you today is "A New Future for Humanity" or "A New Hope for Humanity." I would like to briefly speak on this topic.

You are all well aware that the world we live in today is indeed a chaotic one. Moreover, when we consider the fact that it is in a state of despair, we hope for something new to appear before humanity, leading us to a new world. This is undoubtedly a hope shared not only by those gathered here but by all of humanity around the world.

In this sense, I would like to briefly reflect on the historical process of humanity. After the Middle Ages, the theocentric ideology centered on uncertain theology swept the world for a time, but as that theological ideology declined, humanism emerged. We recognize that humanism has influenced the current world up to this point. However, it is not an ideology or belief that can bring hope to humanity, and materialism, which stands in opposition to it, such as communism, has emerged and swept the world, presenting a bleak direction for the future of humanity.

Here, if we acknowledge that there is a true and certain God, we must seek a theocentric ideology that transcends the ideologies and beliefs that demand humanity's focus. We must desire a humanism that can be recognized by the true God and a materialism that can be acknowledged by the true God. We find ourselves at a stage where we cannot help but wonder if such a world exists, a world that can be recognized by God.

The issue at hand is that these humans, who change, distrust, and conflict with one another, have reached despair after trying everything throughout history. If there is a God, and if there is a true God, we can only conclude that we must seek a new direction for resolution through that God.

From this perspective, if we can be certain that God exists, we can see that all ideological issues, all religious issues, and all conflicts between nations can be completely resolved. Therefore, whether or not God exists, and whether the true God can guarantee the future hope of humanity, is a matter that must be considered. If such a God exists, knowing that God is of utmost importance.

As you know, the question of whether the spirit or matter came first, whether thought or existence came first, may be difficult for some to comprehend or understand. However, if we can clearly recognize whether God existed first or whether matter existed first, we can see that a new hope for the world opens up from there. Therefore, I hope to discuss this issue of God's existence in a way that leaves an unforgettable impression on everyone.

**Proving God's Existence Through the Human Body**

Let me take a moment to speak. When you look at a human face, it represents that person's character. By looking at a face, we can infer what that person's heart and nature are like. This face signifies that character.

So, whose likeness does the human face, which represents character, bear? If God exists, we must say it resembles God. As you know, when animals are born or when chicks break out of their eggs, the eyes develop first.

What does this eye symbolize? It can be said to symbolize God. What does the nose symbolize? It can be said to symbolize humanity. And what does the mouth symbolize? It can be said to symbolize all things. This very small face symbolically shows heaven, humanity, and earth.

Now, because the question of whether the spirit or matter came first is at stake, let us ask. Every morning when you wash your face, you look in the mirror. When you look, you see your entire face, but what is the focus? It is the eyes. 

When we inquire about the eyes, "Oh, eyes! Where did you come from?" they would respond, "Where did I come from? I came from my parents." If we trace the history of the eyes back to the ancestors of our ancestors, it leads us to the very first ancestors of humanity.

When the very first ancestor of humanity was born, did the eye itself know that "Ah, there is a sun in the sky"? No, it did not. The eye itself could not possibly know that there is a sun in the universe.

Furthermore, we see our eyes blinking. Why do they blink? It is not because they want to. The eyes blink to prevent moisture from evaporating due to the heat radiating from the sun. So, you know that the eyes blink for this reason.

Now, could the eye itself have thought, "Ah, when I come out into this world, moisture will evaporate, so I must blink to keep my eyes moist"? The material eye itself cannot think.

Moreover, we have eyelashes. Why do we have eyelashes? It is obvious. They prevent dust from entering the eyes because there is dust in the air. We understand that eyelashes serve this function.

So, when we ask whether our ultimate ancestor's eye could have known, "When I am born into the world, there will be dust in the air, so my eyelashes must be like this," what do you think? Do you think it knew? The eye itself could not have known that.

This is based on astronomical knowledge, knowledge of the solar system, knowledge of the spatial world, and all the knowledge about the inner and outer aspects of this earth. Given this fact, we cannot think that the eye itself knew and wanted to be that way. This fact cannot be denied.

In this light, the question arises: Is the eye itself first, or is thought first? When we ask whether the earth has a sun that causes moisture to evaporate and dust to be present, if one does not know and is simply that way, then that person can only be considered ignorant.

From this perspective, when we consider whether matter or thought came first, the eye of our ultimate ancestor came into existence on a solid foundation of knowledge about the inner and outer worlds necessary for living in this spatial universe.
and joy, and they are the ones who can give me true love, ideals, happiness, and peace.’ This is the essence of true parenthood. 

In this way, the relationship between parents and children is established on the principle of existence for the sake of others. True love, ideals, happiness, and hope can only exist in a context where one exists for the sake of others. 

Therefore, what kind of parents are true parents? They are not the ones who say, ‘You must do this for me because you are my child.’ True parents are those who exist for their children, not for themselves. They exist to nurture and support their children, and in doing so, they fulfill the principles of creation. 

This is the fundamental principle of the universe. When we understand this, we can see that true love, ideals, happiness, and hope are only possible when we live for the sake of others. 

So, let us remember this fundamental truth: we exist to serve others, and in doing so, we fulfill our own purpose and find true happiness. (Applause)
"Parents who stand in a central position that can be sorrowful." This is what we come to think. We did not clearly know this fact in our daily lives, but we just somewhat understood it.

If we develop from such a source, where can we find true couples? It is the same. It is the same, I tell you. What is a true wife? A person who was born for her husband, lives for her husband, and is willing to die for her husband. Only in that position can a true wife be established. 

On the contrary, where does a true husband come from? A person who was born for his wife, lives for his wife, and is willing to die for his wife. We did not clearly know that God established the ideal origin of creation here.

Everyone, I see that many wonderful men are present here. Why was a man born? When we trace the origin, was he born because of himself? Anyone who thinks that way is somewhat foolish. If someone thinks, "Well, I am respected by many people in Jeonju, and I am at an age where I have the qualifications as a man, so the world was born because of me," that person is foolish when viewed through the principles of creation. A man was not born because of himself. He was born because of a woman. He was born because of a woman. Some uncles may feel uncomfortable, but the aunties are smiling happily. (Laughter) 

A man was not born because of himself. He did not know that he was born because of a woman. Because he thinks he was born because of himself, he is mistaken. He never even dreamed that his existence originated from a woman. 

Therefore, in order to go out into the world of true value, true happiness, and true love as a true person, the motivation for being born is that a man is born because of a woman and a woman is born because of a man. Problems arise in families because of self-centeredness and the mindset of "I was born for myself, and you should exist for me." Problems arise from such attitudes. Because God cannot help but establish a principle to resolve such chaotic families, He set the principle of "exist for others," which is undoubtedly the principle of heaven. (Applause)

When you look at men, they have broad shoulders like football players, but women are the opposite. When you come here, or when you ride a bus, if men sit together, their hands are moving up and down, but when a man and a woman sit together, they fit perfectly. This shows that we cannot deny the fact that we were all created in the ideal form of the Creator to reinforce the principle of serving others.

From this perspective, we have learned a formula. We can only find true love in the formula of "exist for others." Only in existing for others can there be true ideals. Only in the willingness to exist for others can we conclude that God established such a principle, and there is a possibility of discovering human happiness and hope there.

Heaven is established from serving others. 

Now, let’s apply this formula. In South Korea, who is the greatest patriot? It is someone who lives according to this formula. The person who lives according to this formula is the greatest patriot of South Korea. A patriot is not someone who was born for themselves. A person born for themselves cannot be a patriot. They were born for their country, and they do not live for themselves but for their country and its people. Dying is not for themselves, but for their country and people. The more one dedicates everything for their country and people, the more they are undoubtedly a patriot. From this standpoint, figures like General Yi Sun-sin cannot help but be patriots of our South Korea.

If we apply this formula more broadly, who is the greatest saint in the world? I apologize in advance if there are non-Christians among you who might feel uncomfortable, but please just listen. Who is the greatest saint? Currently, people often mention the four great saints: Jesus, Buddha, Confucius, and Muhammad, but who among them is the greatest saint? If we look at it through the principle of existing for others, it is not difficult to discover.

From this perspective, we can conclude that Jesus Christ is undoubtedly the greatest saint. Why? Because He came to this earth as the Savior. He did not come for Himself. He came for all people. He did not live for Himself. He lived for the nation of Israel and for all people. He did not die for Himself. He died for the world’s humanity. While an ordinary person would have cursed their enemies, He even prayed for His enemies as He died. When viewed through the principle of existing for others, the fact that He prayed for His enemies as He departed leads us to the inevitable conclusion that Jesus Christ is the highest and most valuable saint in history. (Applause)

What kind of place is where God lives? You might be curious. If you ask what heaven is, and someone says, "Heaven is heaven," that does not make sense. What kind of place is heaven? The answer is simple. It is only through God’s principle of "existing for others" that we can discover ideal conditions, and heaven is a place where those who lived according to this principle can go. (Applause)

Today, humans living on this earth are travelers. They are travelers who must find their homeland. However, these travelers are not walking the normal path of travelers. They have fallen into a place where they are lost and confused. It is the responsibility of God, who created humans, to bring these travelers back to their homeland. Therefore, what must be taught to humans living in this world is the way to return to and live in their homeland. The gatherings and organizations that teach this way to the homeland are religions. You need to understand this.

What does religion do? It trains people in this earthly world so that when they return to the heavenly world, they can pass the principle of existing for others. This is the mission of religion that we have not considered. Therefore, the higher the religion, the more it teaches people to live for others. It teaches to serve and sacrifice. Why does it teach this? Because the other world is composed of such motives, to enter that world, one must cultivate a character that fits that world; otherwise, they cannot reach the world of happiness in accordance with heavenly principles. God has taught us to serve and sacrifice through many high-level religions because of this principle of heaven. Thus, we cannot help but see that this has led to the formation of such religious forms throughout history, indicating that God has been present and has been guiding us. We were unaware that this fact is evidenced from a historical perspective. (Applause)

You may not know this. You might not have experienced whether the spiritual world exists or not. However, I, who stand here, have received a specific grace from heaven and know well about the spiritual world. When you enter deep into the spiritual world, you must understand that the entire structure of the spiritual world is based on the principle of "existing for others." If you do not believe this today, try dying and see if it is true or not. Then you will know whether what someone here said was a lie or the truth. Because God established the principle of existing for others, you must understand that living happily as a person who receives God’s love and exists within God’s ideal realm is heaven.

Why did God have to establish the principle of "exist for others"? This is the question. Why did God have to establish this principle of "existing for others"? This is the issue. Let’s discuss this content a bit. 

Let me ask you one thing. If someone owes you a debt and truly dedicates their life to repay you 100 percent, would you want to repay them 50 percent and keep 50 percent for yourself, or would you want to repay them 100 percent or more? There is no need to ask; everyone would want to repay them more than 100 percent. Even the grandmother would say, "Oh, I want to repay more than 100 percent." 

If such a nature does not exist, you must understand that we cannot be saved. For example, let’s say I owe a person named A 100 percent. If A sincerely repays me with 110 percent, then that person, having dedicated their heart to repay, would feel that they want to repay even 120 percent in return for that sincerity. The more we give and take, the more it grows.

In this principle, the concept of eternity can be established. The concept of eternity arises from this. Eternity is born from this. There is only eternity in serving others; when it comes to serving oneself, everything divides. It must divide. Since the concept of eternity arises only from serving others, we must understand that the wise God had to establish this principle. Moreover, not only is it eternal, but it is also where prosperity begins. In other words, development starts from this point, so we must remember that the wise God could not help but establish the principle of existing for others. (Applause)

Next, another point is that today, so-called intellectuals, those who attend universities and can express their own opinions, tend to dislike being subordinate to others. I have seen many people who want to shake the world and their schools around them, centered on themselves. They absolutely do not want to be subject to others. You also think that being subject to others is something you would never want, right? However, that is a misunderstanding. The position where one can truly be subject to others is a happy position. 

Look, being subject to someone who truly cares for you, truly loves you, and can truly bring you happiness is the greatest happiness. We have not thought about this. When you think being subject to others is lonely, it is not so. Being subject to someone who serves you brings greater happiness than anything else. When you say you do not want to be subject to others and want to be in control, what does that mean? It means you desire to be a central being. To insist on not being subject to anyone and wanting to be in control is to want to become the central being. However, if you have that mindset, you cannot be the central being who serves others.

For example, in a family with eight members, including parents and six siblings, when the youngest sibling truly serves the family, what happens? The parents bow their heads to that child. No matter how small the younger sibling is, as time goes on, the older siblings naturally come to regard the younger sibling, who serves others, as the central being. Who should be the center of the family? It should not be someone who serves themselves, but rather the younger sibling who serves the whole family. As time goes on, we see that such a being becomes the central being. That is why we say, "Do good! Do good!" What is doing good? Isn’t it serving others? What happens when you serve? You become the central being, which we have not realized.

Since God, who created heaven and earth, exists as the center of serving others, a person who resembles God can undoubtedly emerge as the central being in their own field. We have not realized that only by existing for others can one truly become the central being.

There is no resistance to being subject to a true central being. If you meet a being who can be with you at any time, day or night, there is no greater happiness than being subject to that being. Have you ever thought about that? For example, if you were to go to the heavenly world, since God is the cosmic central being who exists for others, being subject to Him for a thousand or ten thousand years would be the greatest happiness, and we must understand that only by being subject to the one who exists for others can the foundation of our happiness be established.

It is only here that we can solve the class issues, the problems between rulers and the ruled, and the complex issues of political philosophy that the world is currently facing. Because God is like that, people who resemble God cannot help but go to such a place. You must remember this clearly. (Applause)

Next, the third reason why God had to establish the principle of existing for others is that people living on this earth today think that love and ideals are their own. They think that these come from themselves. This is wrong. They thought love came from themselves. No, no, no! Where does love come from? It does not come from me. It comes from the other person. We did not realize that it comes from the other person. Where do ideals come from? They do not come from oneself. They must come through the other.

Since love, which is more precious than life, and ideals come from the other, to receive such precious things, one must humbly bow their head and stand in a position of serving. Because of these factors, God also had to establish the principle of "exist for others." This is what the citizens of Jeonju must understand.
If we live according to this principle, I believe Jeonju will form a paradise on earth. (Applause)  
You have all been wondering where the true ideals, happiness, and peace originate. Until now, you thought they were within yourselves or unfolding in some future world, but that is not the case. I hope you remember that only by completely discovering the essence of what is above from the very place where I stand can we approach God's love, God's ideals, God's peace, and God's happy world. (Applause)  
The path the Unification Church has walked  
Now, you might be thinking, "Isn't that person the founder of the Unification Church? So, can you unify the church?" Indeed, religion is the biggest headache. Right? Even these days, established churches are fighting among themselves and opposing the Unification Church—what a headache this is! Isn’t that so? And then you might wonder, "Why is the Unification Church causing such a fuss by coming all the way to Jeonju?" Intellectuals and those with a bit of knowledge might think, "Can you really unify religions? Is that even possible? Oh, isn’t that Moon whatever person a bit out of his mind?" It’s easy to think like that. However, I stand here knowing that the ideals are realized through such origins of the principle of heavenly law, and I am theoretically organizing that it is possible to seek a path of greater service.  
In other words, can a pastor of an established church love a member of the Unification Church as much as he loves his own congregation? If he can love, then everything will be drawn toward greater service. Why is that? Because greater service brings greater love, greater ideals, greater happiness, and greater peace. Therefore, a person who seeks a path of greater love is contributing their life to a place where they can serve, aiming for the kingdom of heaven. Thus, if we act according to that principle, it is possible. This is theoretical. It is theoretical.  
When members of established churches are asked if they can love pastors of the Unification Church as much as they serve their own pastors, the answer should be yes. That is the movement we have been engaged in. It is not that the 30 years of history are left behind. The principle of heavenly law continues on this path without justification, quietly advancing toward its original world. As long as we serve the God who is the subject, we know that through this secret of heavenly law, we can manage the universe, and that is why the Unification Church has quietly come this far. How can it be that the Unification Church, which was thought to retreat and disappear without a trace, is still here? If the Unification Church follows such principles and the nation opposes it, then if it pioneers a path for the world, the world will unite and push forward for that nation.  
True religion is not a religion that serves its own denomination. It is a religion that seeks to save the nation even at the cost of sacrificing its own denomination, a religion that seeks to save the world even at the cost of sacrificing the nation, and a religion that seeks to save humanity even at the cost of sacrificing the world. I know clearly that the one who seeks a way to do this is God. (Applause) That is why I have kept my mouth shut, closed my eyes, and blocked my ears until now, thinking that how I can live for myself, how I can approach the peak that God desires, is the greatest task on earth.  
Today, citizens of the Republic of Korea, as you know, our nation is at a perilous point, caught in the whirlpool of international circumstances. What we must understand here is that the citizens serve the nation, and the nation serves the citizens. If we can be a nation where both can serve one another, we will not perish. No matter how tyrannical Kim Il-sung may be, God will not simply let it be. I know that God will not let it be.  
We were unaware that God has been carrying out operations to take back what was taken from us while aligning with the path of service. I don’t have time to elaborate, but for example, isn’t there such a thing as compensation in the world? When evil strikes good, it is similar to claiming compensation that is several times the damage incurred. Likewise, when a good person is wronged, it does not simply disappear; if one is sacrificed, heaven will demand compensation in multiples of 3, 7, 12, or 21. Therefore, we must understand that the more a religion is persecuted and sacrificed, the more it develops, as historical evidence shows. That is why the Unification Church has developed even while facing opposition today. But how has it developed? The principle is simple.  
What is the core ideology of the Unification Church? It is to serve. Just as God exists to serve, when we exist to serve, even if the nation opposes us, we can live for the world, and even if the world opposes us, we can be saved by God's hand. That is why the Unification Church has come this far. (Applause)  
God's will is not the salvation of a Christian denomination, but the salvation of the world.  
In this chaotic world, we must understand that God desires to establish such a will and is seeking such a group. I am not saying this to refute Christians today. One thing I want to ask you is that saving a Christian denomination is not God's will. I know this well. I hope you understand this. God's will is to save the world even if it means abandoning Christianity. This is what Christians today do not realize.  
When you ask the Lord, "Oh Lord, will you be the Lord of Christianity, Presbyterianism, Methodism, or will you be the Lord of the world?" the Lord will undoubtedly answer that He must be the Savior of the world. (Applause) If you elevate this question one step higher and ask, "God, will you be the God and Father of all people, or will you be the God and Father bound to a Christian denomination?" He will surely respond, "Oh, even if I cannot be the God of a Christian denomination, I will be the God of all people." He will undoubtedly answer like that. (Applause)  
From this perspective, we are currently in a historical chaos where we must once again critically examine everything centered on theism, humanism, and materialism, and seek a way to re-evaluate the world from God's standpoint. This is the task of religion. It is the responsibility of religious leaders. Until now, they have been fighting over denominations without knowing what God's will is. Let me introduce you to a memorable verse from the Bible. This is a verse that even Sunday school students or kindergarteners know well. In John 3:16, it says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." It is important to recognize that God gave His only begotten Son because He loved the world, not because He loved the church.  
We have not known the standard of world salvation until now. The established churches did not know this standard and stood on a position of ecclesiastical authoritarianism, breaking down the good foundation of the Middle Ages that could encompass the world. Even today, if we look at the United States, if the church that led the democratic world had known that it was God's will to embrace the United States and save the world, and had fought with that momentum, the United States would not have ended up as miserable as it is today.  
Everyone, let us not be discouraged by the difficulties of our Republic of Korea. Even if we are struggling, it is okay. No matter how much we are at the peak of material civilization and in a position of a leading global nation, looking at the United States itself, there is no place to put our affection. When someone asks me, "Mr. Moon, would you like to live in America?" I say I do not want to live in America. That is why I miss the Korean people who can worry about their neighbors while sweating and eating gochujang. They can still struggle toward the future and have hope for tomorrow, but they are all liberated. They have reached a saturation point. Everyone, do not despair. Do not despair.  
You are all aware of the historical fact that the Soviet Union, centered on the Slavic people, dreamed of dominating world communism and began to split around 1957. If God exists, we must think that individuals, families, tribes, nations, and the world are needed to save the world. If the United States had upheld such thoughts as a nation with Christian ideals capable of leading the democratic world and had gone on the path of sacrifice for the sake of all mankind, then democracy would not have become so miserable today. The Vietnam issue would not have turned out like that. By prioritizing "our country, our country!" and focusing only on their own nation, the United States has found itself caught in rapidly changing circumstances, unable to escape, and as a result, may lose God, religion, and even the entire nation.  
Citizens of the Republic of Korea gathered here, our nation may have nothing, but if we can carry a higher dimension of heart that can serve beyond our nation to the world, then perhaps our Republic of Korea itself may lack strength, but because of the omnipotent God who exists as the subject of that principle, I firmly believe that we will one day become a nation that the world can serve. (Applause)  
Let us go toward the global official path of service.  
Now, let us summarize how we can use this formula of living for others to develop into a historical world and an ideal paradise. The husband must live for the wife, and the wife must live for the husband. A united couple lives for their children, and such a united family lives for the tribe. A united tribe lives for the nation, and that nation lives for the world. A united world lives for God. Only then can we qualify as the sons and daughters of God who can serve the world and reign over heaven and earth. I hope you remember that this is the global official path of service. (Applause)  
Where is heaven? Heaven is this world. Here is the way for brothers to unite. Here is the place where we can praise each other as happy brothers. A family can finally become a family where God is present, and a tribe can become a tribe that can host God. A nation can be with God, and the world can be with God. Therefore, the place where God directly claims to be the subject and is guided is precisely this place, which is heaven. It cannot be anything but heaven. It is not a delusional, fanciful, or void spiritual realm; it is established in reality on earth, and therefore, it must be an earthly paradise. We have not realized this fact until now. (Applause)  
Everyone! You can forget everything I said tonight. When you go home tonight, if your wife is not here, ask her, "Oh, how much have I lived for you? And how much have you lived for me?" Also, ask, "As parents, how much have we lived for our children? How much have our children lived for us? And how much has our family lived for relatives, for the tribe?" Think about it. A family does not live for itself but for its relatives, and a tribe lives for the nation, and a nation must live for the world.  
Religion alone cannot lead us to the world of God's will. The world of God's will is the kingdom of heaven, the nation, the nation. We must go through the nation. That is why, if God exists, He cannot help but seek a group that can live for the world beyond this nation, regardless of whether others recognize it or not. (Applause)  
What kind of organization is the Unification Church? It is simple. It is an organization that seeks to go to the end for the sake of others. It is not about who recognizes us. It is about who God knows. Who has recognized God for 6,000 years? Even when it was said that God was dead, we did not complain but served such a God. I have experienced many times that if we follow this principle, even if we are cornered into a position where we are bound to perish, we will not perish. In moments of injustice and resentment, when I stood in a position where I could not complain to anyone, I have met many unexpected friends sent from heaven who took my hand and offered me encouragement.  
When we see this, we must remember that we can only discover the actual God who operates beyond distances and spaces right here. Now, if you go out, you will not be able to have a hopeful world for humanity unless you become someone who can receive God's creative ideal principles under God's dominion through the earthly paradise. Everyone, you must understand that it is through knowing such principles that you can truly become happy from here.  
Indeed, when we look at a lifetime, how can we know whether someone who is 80 years old or 70 years old will go to heaven or hell? This can be known immediately. If someone has lived more than half of their life for themselves, they cannot go to heaven. Go ahead and see. But someone who has lived for others for half their life, more than 35 years, not for themselves but for the nation and for something greater, can still go to heaven. You must understand that they can go to heaven proportional to that dimension.  
When you return, know that the ideal origin truly lies in the "law of serving others," and once again reflect on how you have lived for friends, children, parents, and society, and in your workplace. If you are a civil servant of the Republic of Korea, ask yourself whether you exist for yourself or for this country. Then you can know without self-deception. A teacher should reflect on whether they were someone who followed their salary or someone who taught for the sake of their students. And students should consider whether they came out to study for their teachers, aspiring to become a person of great meaning who serves. Critically examine your situation in every sector, explore the value of the possibility of serving others, discover that value for yourself, and if you can elevate yourself, you will know that you can stand in a place of infinite happiness.  
If you become such a person, even while living on earth, you will undoubtedly enter the heavenly paradise.
You must remember that it is possible to go. (Applause)  
Because humans have a strong desire for ownership, how can we apply such official principles? To possess something greater, one must say, “What is mine is yours, what is yours is the family's, what is the family's is the tribe's, what is the tribe's is the nation's, what is the nation's is the world's, what is the world's is God's, and what belongs to God is mine.” We did not realize that happiness exists only in a position where this can be done. (Applause)  
Where does this amazing value of the world begin? It begins from the existence of the self. True religion starts from here, true patriots start from here, true citizens start from here, true people of heaven start from here, and true nations and tribes of God also begin from here. Knowing this, you must criticize the past according to this principle and become those who can work for a new stage of the Republic of Korea and for the world. If you become such people, even if the Republic of Korea may seem pitiful now, it will become a country that the world admires and reveres in the 20th century and beyond into the 25th century. Because I know for sure that this will happen, I hope you will become those who can stand on such a stage. I wish happiness for your families and your communities. Thank you. (Applause)  
**New Hope for Humanity**  
― Message from the Hope Day Grand Gathering in Gwangju ―  
I sincerely thank the citizens of Gwangju for gathering here this evening. I also sincerely apologize to the many citizens of Gwangju who could not attend due to the cramped venue and are outside.  
It is not very exciting to listen to these stiff words while you are enjoying good songs, dances, and interesting programs. However, when you see the scene of foreign young men and women suddenly coming in and causing unrest in the quiet city of Gwangju over these past few days, you must have been quite curious about who the person responsible for this issue, Mr. Moon, is.  
The very person responsible, Moon Sun-myung, has appeared here. I may not be very good-looking, but beloved citizens of Gwangju, (Applause) I love Gwangju. Why do I love it? It is not because you are applauding me. The character “Gwangju” consists of the characters for “light” (光) and “district” (州), meaning a shining district. Therefore, if I can make a name for myself in Gwangju, it will resonate throughout the nation, and I believe that all things must start wonderfully from Gwangju. Thus, I love the name Gwangju and the citizens of Gwangju.  
For this reason, this evening, I would like to briefly share my thoughts with you. The title I wish to think about with you this evening is “New Hope for Humanity” or “New Aspirations for Humanity.” I will speak on this topic.  
**Seeking a New Future Through God**  
As you all know, the world we live in is chaotic. We are facing a present filled with fear and despair. If we cannot find new hope or new aspirations in such a world, and if a new guiding ideology or a central thought sought by all humanity does not emerge, then a new future and a new world of hope cannot manifest.  
As you well know, since the Middle Ages, the decline of uncertain theocentric ideologies has swept the world with humanism. Following the decline of humanism, materialism, or what we call materialistic ideologies, has engulfed the world, but rather than bringing hope, it has increased despair and fear. When we look at this fact, humanity is indeed facing a whirlpool of despair.  
When we consider why these historical ideologies have fallen into decay and stagnation, it is not because humans have made mistakes. We humans have made every effort and have invested all our intelligence and abilities, yet we find ourselves in a world of such results and are now in a state of despair where we cannot move forward or backward. Here, if we raise one question, it is that we can no longer seek a new future for humanity without relying on something beyond humanity. This conclusion is reasonable.  
If there is a central being that can solve this conclusion, that being must be God. Is there a definite existence of God? If God certainly exists, what is the original view of God, what is God's view of humanity, and what is God's view of the material world? These are all issues that can be clearly elucidated. Therefore, it is not an exaggeration to conclude that we have reached this result because we have not clearly realized whether God exists or not.  
As you all know, today, intellectuals are debating whether thought comes first or existence comes first. This has become a philosophical issue. Does thought come first, or does existence come first? The issue of thought, followed by the issue of existence, whether it is spirit or matter, and then whether it is God or creation—these fundamental questions remain unresolved, and we are facing the reality of wandering in confusion.  
Therefore, now we must ask, is there a God? If there is something that can provide evidence for God, then if the citizens of Gwangju here can gather and say, “Ah, surely He exists,” it is undeniable that Gwangju can become the vanguard of inspiring a new ideology in the world.  
**Proving God's Reality Through the Human Body**  
Now, how can I give an impressive example to the citizens of Gwangju here and help you find “an example that you cannot forget, day or night”? I have thought about this. Since many elderly people are present here, it is difficult to express this simply, but I hope you will remember one example.  
Among our body parts, the eyes are important. By looking into someone's eyes, you can understand their heart, right? “That person has beautiful eyes,” and so on. The eyes are also called the light of the heart. Now, if we look closely at the eyes and ask them, “Hey, eyes! Why are you like this? Where did you come from?” they would surely answer, “Where did I come from? I came through my mom and dad.” That is undoubtedly how they would respond. Then if we ask, “Where did your mom and dad's eyes come from?” they would say, “Where do you think they came from? They came from my grandparents and so on….” So, they were born from their ancestors' eyes, but the eyes themselves are material.  
When the eyes are born, do they know that “if I am born on Earth, there is a sun”? This is a simple question. Would they know that? The eyes themselves cannot know. When we ask whether the eyes knew that there was a sun in the sky, the answer is that they cannot know. Do you think they knew? I see a student smiling. The eyes themselves could not know whether there was a sun in the sky before the Earth appeared. They cannot know that.  
Next, if we think about the eyes, they would not have known about the sun, but when water evaporates due to radiant heat, it would be a disaster, so they would need to create a mechanism to prevent evaporation and blink their eyes. Would the eyes themselves know that? Think about it carefully. The eyes themselves would not know, “Ah, in this air….” Can you see water vapor? You cannot, right? Ah, you know that if the moisture in the eyes dries up due to the evaporation of water, it would be a disaster. Try not blinking for about 30 minutes and see what happens to your eyes. It would be a disaster.  
When the eyes are born, do they know that “water vapor evaporates in the air”? If someone says they knew, that person is a bit strange. They are somewhat lacking in understanding. That’s fine. Not knowing is the case for everyone. Furthermore, if we look a step further, you have eyelashes on your eyes. There are springs there. What were they thinking when they were created? When the eyes were born, did they say, “In the air, because the air flows and dust exists, my eyes, you should have eyelashes”? No one would say they knew that. The conclusion that they did not know is obvious. If someone claims they knew, that person is somewhat lacking in understanding.  
Moreover, when we examine our bodies, we find a palace of mysteries. Everything is beautifully arranged. Among them, when the eyes are born, they are synchronized with the place where the sun is, and they are arranged to prevent the evaporation of water, and they are aware of the dust in the air and are designed to prevent it. The fact that they can observe the solar system of the universe and know about the phenomenon of evaporation in the air, and that they know there is dust in the flowing air, leads us to think that although the eyes themselves do not know, there is someone who knows these facts and has allowed the eyes to exist based on biological knowledge. When we look at it this way, it is an undeniable conclusion that there is a subject who thought of this, even if the eyes themselves did not think.  
When we first think about this, we see that there was a motivational knowledge base that allowed for such an environment to be created. Then, who is the subject of that knowledge? The name does not matter. It could be a rock or a stone. In Japanese, it is called kami (かみ), in Korean, it is called 하나님, and in English, it is called God. The name does not matter. We cannot deny that there was some kind of biological protagonist.  
You know, why are there so many eye doctors in the world, including in Gwangju? There are many here, but if we look at the world, there are hundreds of thousands of eye doctors, but have those doctors completely uncovered the mysteries of the eyes and found knowledge that explains everything? They have not. Therefore, from this perspective of cosmic biology, we cannot deny that there was a fundamental reason, spirit, and thought that allowed the eyes to exist. Every morning when you wash your face and look at your eyes, think about this. They knew how to stand and walk. They should not sweat…  
Also, wouldn’t it be nice if the nose were upside down? Why is it wide like this? Because if you sweat, it would be a disaster. They created a channel so that sweat could flow away… When we see that everything is known and has come to be, we cannot think that matter existed first and then this happened. I hope you understand that the origin of spirit and thought had a fundamental motivational starting point. Therefore, I wanted to convey that “God must exist. He is here.”  
Thus, there is God in the universe; this being exists. If we have realized that God exists, we must know about God. That God cannot desire for this human world to be as it is. Because He is higher, holier, better, and more loving than us, it is only natural that He wants to bring true love, ideals, happiness, peace, and freedom to this human world.  
**God's True Ideals, Love, Peace, and Happiness Through Humanity**  
So how can we humans meet the ideal requirements that He demands? Humans have always pursued true and unchanging love, ideals, peace, happiness, and freedom, but now we have all hit dead ends and find ourselves in a state where we cannot have hope, and we are in despair, lamenting not only ourselves but also the world.  
From here, we must discover a new path that transcends human nature, returning to an unchanging subject, God, so that a new guiding ideology and a new central thought can manifest a new future and a world of hope.  
God and we humans are hoping for true ideals, true love, true peace, and true happiness. When will this ideal world, the world of love, the world of happiness, and the world of peace be realized? It will be when the two become one.  
Then what is the issue here? Should God come down to meet the standards we humans desire, or should we humans rise to meet Him?  
When we consider who the subject is and who the object is, it must be that God is the subject. We must discover humanity that can be unified according to the requirements that God, as the subject, demands. Thus, we must engage in the play of reshaping humanity to that standard; otherwise, true love, true ideals, true peace, and true happiness that God desires cannot be established with us humans. This is an obvious conclusion.  
Therefore, you must now follow what God presents. The issue here is that God is the subject and we humans are the object. Then, when we question whether true love, true happiness, and true peace are terms that can exist alone, the answer is that they cannot exist alone. When we speak of love, it must be established in recognizing the relationship between subject and object. Can there be peace alone? There must be a relationship between subject and object. Can there be an ideal alone? There cannot be an ideal alone. There must also be a relationship between subject and object. And happiness cannot exist alone either; we must understand this here. These terms are always determined in the relationship between subject and object.  
Thus, if we present an issue, it is that to achieve God's true love, God's ideals, God's happiness, and God's peace, there must be an object; otherwise, God cannot do it either. What can God do if He says, “Ah, let’s love” and loves alone? What can God do if He has ideals alone? What can God do if He has peace or happiness alone? There must be an object for God to also need happiness, peace, love, and ideals.
가를 위해 태어났느냐? 여자 때문에 태어났다는 것을 여러분이 알아야 합니다. 
여자 때문에 태어났다는 것을 알아야 합니다. 

이제 여러분이 아내를 위해서 태어났고, 아내를 위해서 살아야 한다는 
사실을 깨달아야 합니다. 남편이 아내를 위해서 태어났고, 아내를 위해서 
살아야 한다는 것을 깨달아야 합니다. 

이런 관점에서 볼 때, 참된 사랑을 가진 부모는 자녀를 위해 존재하는 
부모입니다. 자녀를 위해서 태어나고, 자녀를 위해서 살고, 자녀를 위해서 
죽는 부모가 참된 사랑의 부모입니다. 

이런 부모가 되어야만 참된 사랑과 참된 이상, 참된 행복, 참된 평화를 
가질 수 있습니다. 

이제 여러분이 이 사실을 깨달았다면, 여러분의 삶을 돌아보아야 합니다. 
여러분이 지금까지 살아온 방식이 과연 참된 사랑을 실천하는 것이었는지, 
아니면 자기 자신만을 위해 살아온 것이었는지를 돌아보아야 합니다. 

여러분이 참된 사랑을 실천하기 위해서는, 상대방을 위해 존재하고, 
상대방을 위해 살아야 합니다. 그럴 때 비로소 참된 행복과 평화를 
누릴 수 있습니다. 

이런 원칙을 여러분이 이해하고 실천한다면, 여러분의 삶은 더욱 
의미있고 가치있게 될 것입니다. 

이제 여러분이 이 원칙을 마음에 새기고, 여러분의 삶 속에서 
실천해 나가기를 바랍니다. 

여러분이 서로를 위해 존재하고, 서로를 위해 살아갈 때, 
비로소 참된 사랑과 행복이 여러분의 삶에 가득할 것입니다. 

이것이 하나님이 우리에게 요구하는 바이며, 우리가 추구해야 할 
가치입니다. 

여러분, 이제는 서로를 위해 존재하는 삶을 살아가기를 
간절히 바랍니다.
Were you born for the sake of the sphere? Woman! You may be small and look delicate, but you must clearly understand that you were born for the sake of a woman. You must understand it clearly.

And those who become women, for whom were they born? For whom were they born? It is not for the sake of women; they were born for the sake of men. When we consider the principle that the original source of existence is not born for itself but exists for the other, we realize that humans were born for the sake of the other, so we must live for the other, and when we die, we must die for the other as well. This fact that we are relative beings was something we had not yet realized. (Applause)

Look. The shoulders of men look like those of a football champion. Their bodies are broad, while women’s bodies are the opposite, broad at the bottom. For example, when taking a bus in the city, if two men sit next to each other, their shoulders touch, and their lower parts can move like fists, right? But if one man sits and then a woman sits next to him, it fits perfectly, doesn’t it? Even from that observation, we must understand that the principle of existing for the other allows all logic to harmonize, and this simple example cannot be denied. (Applause)

What constitutes an unhappy family? A woman who has a husband who only lives for himself is an unhappy woman. Isn’t that right? A husband who has a wife who only lives for herself is an unhappy husband! Is that right? No, he is an unhappy husband. The great principle of the universe has been sustained from this principle of existing for the sake of others. That is why we were born as we are, and since we were born this way, we must live this way and die this way; this is the true path that humans must follow. However, we had not thought about this.

Now you know this formula. When we apply this formula, who is the true patriot in this Republic of Korea? Is a person who holds power and lives well for himself happy? No, that’s not it. The true happy person, the true patriot, is not someone like that. A person who was born for the sake of the country, lives for the sake of the country, and even if they die a thousand or ten thousand times, they would dedicate their life for the country—if there is such a person who is willing to invest their whole being more miserably, then we know that this person is a more precious patriot. (Applause)

Patriots and saints are all those who have lived for the sake of others. From this perspective, you all know that someone like General Yi Sun-sin cannot help but be a patriot of this country. When we broaden the scope and apply this formula, we can find out who the greater saints of the world are. They are those who lived more for humanity, died more for humanity, and were born for the history of the past, present, and future, lived for history, and died for history. Those people are what we call great figures and saints. Among them, who is the central great figure or saint? It is someone who sacrificed everything for the sake of others, and this is an undeniable conclusion through this formula. (Applause)

From this perspective, I believe there are many Christians among those who have come here today. And some may have come to oppose. That’s fine. It’s okay to oppose once. If you’re bored, go ahead and shout out. I’ll accept it. I believe there are those who have come with that mindset. But that doesn’t mean I’m asking you to do that. I believe many Christians have come here. I also believe there are those who do not believe or do not practice religion. Just because I believe in Christianity and want to speak about the words of Jesus, who is the center of Christianity, does not mean that. It is because of the logical conclusion of this official principle that I want to talk briefly about Jesus.

Who is Jesus? He came to this earth with the title of Savior. He did not come for himself. He came for all humanity, for the past, present, and future. He did not live for himself; he lived for humanity. He did not die for his own desires. He was someone who voluntarily chose the path of death according to the will of God, the protagonist of the great principle of heaven. Therefore, at the moment of the cross, at the peak of his final destiny, if he had enemies, they were the Roman soldiers and the Jewish priests, yet he did not curse them. Instead, he prayed for those who nailed him and whipped him, saying he would live for them. This fact shows that he lived for humanity more than anyone else. That is why it is a natural conclusion that he is indeed the greatest of saints. (Applause)

The Old and New Testaments conclude with the message of "exist for the sake of others." You see, no matter how many books there are in the Bible, I believe it can be concluded in two phrases. What is the core of Christian thought? It is love. Before loving, what logical basis should be pursued? It is love that exists for the sake of others. This is what we did not know. We did not know the love that exists for the sake of others. We did not know the world of peace of purpose, nor the world of peace that exists for the sake of others. We did not know the world of happiness that exists for the sake of others, and today’s Christianity has not even dreamed of the ideal world that God desires for the sake of others. (Applause) The 66 books of the Old and New Testaments completely conclude with the message of existing for the sake of others. It matches perfectly.

Look. If we see the core thought of Jesus, it is, "Those who wish to be high will be humbled, and those who wish to be low will be exalted." Where is this paradoxical logic? "There is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for one’s friends. Those who seek to live will die, and those who seek to die will live." Why could he not help but say such things? It is because the central motivation of the great principle of heaven, the ideal origin established by God, must follow the principle of existing for the sake of others in order to find all that is ideal for God and humanity. Because of this understanding, this paradoxical logic aligns with the law of existing for the sake of others, and today’s Christians do not realize that this is why such logic had to be established. (Applause)

Those who go to heaven are those who live for the sake of others. You may not know much about the spiritual world, right? You probably don’t know much about the spiritual world. "Is there a spiritual world or not? Is there a heaven or paradise or not? No, that’s all just something that Christians or Buddhists believe." Don’t feel bad if I called you Christians. That’s just a general way of saying it. Don’t feel good just because you believe in Buddhism. "Is there really a spiritual world or not? You won’t know until you die." But if you die, you will surely find out. If you want to experiment within two hours, just die and see if it exists or not. It does exist.

You do not have the experience of the spiritual world, so you do not know how it is, but I, who stand here, have received specific blessings from heaven and am an expert on that world. If any spiritual being from the world comes into my grasp, they have surrendered. I have become an expert. Because I have become an expert, I have created the Unification Church and have been traversing the world, pushing aside all those who are trying to hold me back. There is undoubtedly such a world. Having received that specific blessing, I was curious about how the organization of heaven is structured. As I explored and penetrated, I found that the organization of heaven is simple. (Applause) Thank you.

Heaven is a place where only those who exist for the sake of others can enter and live. It’s simple. (Applause) 

How do you determine whether you can go to heaven or hell? Those who live for themselves will surely go to hell. However, those who deny themselves and live for the sake of the whole, for the sake of others, will surely go to heaven. Even if someone believes in Jesus well, if they are self-centered, no matter how well they believe, they cannot go to heaven. However, I have met many conscientious people who do not believe in Jesus but are willing to live for the world and follow the laws of justice, and they have gone to higher spiritual realms than those who believe well in Jesus. (Applause) Ah, there are laws in the world; can the heavenly kingdom be run arbitrarily? No, it cannot.

Today, citizens of Gwangju, remember one thing after meeting a person named Moon this evening: "Those who go to heaven are those who live for the sake of others." Heaven is where God resides, so the heavenly kingdom is our homeland. Humans are travelers. You must understand that the life of this traveler is to pass through the sunset road and the night world to reach their eternal path.

If humans had not originally fallen, they would have inherited the tradition of living for the sake of others and would have formed this world into a peaceful world, a heavenly kingdom on earth. However, they have explored the path of self-centered discovery, which is the fall.

In order for fallen humans to return to their homeland, God must train them to align with the laws of the heavenly kingdom. That training ground is what we call religion. This varies by ethnicity. Because the ethnic background, cultural background, or customary background is different, through suitable forms of religion, like a river flowing toward a great ocean, we must understand that a providence is being carried out that leads to one sea. Today, Christianity claims that "there is no salvation outside of Christianity," but the world I know is not like that. In the spiritual world, I have seen Jesus and Buddha together. I have seen Confucius as well; they are all like that. You must understand this.

The place that trains people to be able to find the path to that heavenly homeland is religion, so those who believe in religion must follow the tradition of living for the sake of others. There is no tradition of living for oneself. The higher the religion, the more it emphasizes sacrifice and service, and we have not understood why this is the case theoretically. Why must it be so? Because religion does not suit the tastes of young people, as they are fallen humans. The laws of the heavenly homeland are like that. Therefore, in order to align fallen humans with that law, God, who is love, must provide the highest training. This principle must be established that one should not go the path of death for oneself but should go for the sake of others. That is why it is said to be gentle and humble, to sacrifice and serve. When the day comes when your life unfolds in a way that can live for a broader stage, the city of Gwangju will be directed toward a good direction because of you, and when that extends beyond the nation to the world, this nation will develop into a world of eternal goodness. I hope you remember this one thing as you return. (Applause)

If we conclude this, today, those who do not believe in our religion might say, "What? When a person dies, that’s it. Like a puff of smoke, it all disappears. What is life then…." But that is not true. If that were the case, I would not be doing this work while being opposed all my life. Do you think I am doing this work because I am less than you? The world may say whatever, but I know that the path I must take in life is the path of destiny, so I must hurry along that path. If a new guest passes by, the neighborhood dogs bark. Isn’t that so? That’s not the issue; it’s that my path is busy, so our Unification Church has come this far like a mute.

God is eternal, absolute, and unique, and He desires humans to be the same. You must understand that God is eternal, God is absolute, and God is unique. When we say that humans are the sons of His love and exist as objects of love, would God want humans to exist for a moment and then disappear? People in our world feel the same way, don’t they? "Oh, my beloved will be forever…. You are my eternal love…." Whether in poetry, literature, or in closing our eyes or opening them, we wish for eternity. Right? Even humans living in this world desire that the object of love, the ideal or the object of happiness, be eternal. How would God feel?

After meeting the son whom He can love, would God say, "Hey, I am eternal, but you should live for about a hundred years and then die. Disappear!"? That cannot be. 

In front of the subject God, the Father God, humans who are to be His sons and daughters must remember that since the Father is eternal, it is a theoretical conclusion that the children must also live eternally. (Applause) Are you really happy? Here you are clapping, but later this evening, you might say, "Well, that sounds good, but let’s wait and see." Please don’t do that. It’s not right for people to clap here and then change when they go back. I know that the people of Gwangju are honest, so please don’t do that.

Now, having understood this, you have a general understanding. Apply this formula. When you want to make friends, what kind of friend do you want? Someone who gives for your sake, right? Isn’t that so? If it’s a country, you want a country that exists for your sake, right? That’s for sure. We naturally like those who exist for our sake, and since we like that, God, who resembles us, also likes those who exist for His sake. I hope you remember this.

Now, why could God not help but establish the law of existing for the sake of others? 

Then, among you, some might say, "Well, that’s good. That law of existing for the sake of others is good, but what about God?" Young people might feel uncomfortable thinking like this. They might say, "We have fought with all our might, eyes wide open, and clenched our fists, but we are told to exist for the sake of others? Don’t say such foolish things. The world is different now." But that is not the case.

So, let’s discuss why the God of wisdom had to establish the law of existing for the sake of others by presenting a few conditions. I want to ask you a question. If there is someone who has invested their entire life for me, making me owe them 100 percent, would you want to repay only 50 percent and keep the other 50 percent for yourself? Or would you want to repay more than 100 percent? Which is it? The latter, right? I am the latter. What about you? You are the latter too, right? "Yes." You resemble me. I resemble you, and you resemble me. It is definitely the latter.

When we receive the grace of life, there is a desire in our nature to want to give back more, which is why humanity can develop into a world of hope. True humanity.
The fact that meeting each other can become a motivation for infinite development is something we need to understand here. (Applause) So, if I loved a person named B and devoted my life to them, and if this person B were to repay me with 100 percent of that devotion, I would think, "Oh, that's great! I received more, so I made a good deal." Is that right? My true intention would be to say, "The gratitude I received is a debt, so give me more." 

Therefore, if I invested 100 percent of my devotion and received 110 percent in return, I would want to give back more than 110 percent, and this kind of play would occur. This kind of play only exists in the context of giving and receiving. As a result, we did not realize that the concept of eternity is established here. (Applause) The concept of eternity was born here. From this point, eternal life, and from this place, eternity... Therefore, love, ideals, happiness, and peace must be eternal. Also, because it starts from here, I hope you remember that God, who becomes the king of wisdom, could not help but establish the principle of existence for the sake of others. (Applause)

Moreover, we did not realize that the concept of eternity being established simultaneously means that development and prosperity exist only here. (Applause) Did you understand that? First, eternity is established here, and prosperity exists here, for the sake of others.

Next, what is the second point? You know, right? Nowadays, if young people are dominated by others, they would be in a state of hunger and pain, almost to the point of dying. Right? Isn't that so? There are students here. I’m saying don’t be like that. Listen to me. They really dislike being dominated, but if someone says, "Be dominated," they want to resist and say, "What is this?" They wait a little. But they dislike that too, right? They dislike it, but they are told to wait.

In the so-called clubs of intelligent people who think they are smart these days, there are many such people. "Wow, who can I lose to? The prestige of a university professor, the prestige of a president..." It’s a big deal. But that’s not how it is.

Up until now, being ruled and dominated by others has been seen as an insult, a failure, and something unfair. However, we have never thought about the happiness of being able to be dominated by someone who can truly care for us. (Applause)

Let’s see if that’s true or not. Let’s say there are eight family members living in one household. Among those eight, let’s say there is a little younger sibling who is in their 20s. Even though there are many older siblings and both parents, if this younger sibling cares for the family more than anyone else, day or night, more than their mother or father, what happens? The longer they care, the more they do not get kicked out of the house, but rather, they gradually take the central position. We cannot help but think that there is such a principle. (Applause) The younger sibling, who cares more than the older siblings and the mother, will eventually be recognized by the parents and older siblings as the one who can inherit the family. 

What kind of person should the mayor of Gwangju be? They should be someone who cares for Gwangju more than anyone else. If they act like a parent for all the citizens of Gwangju day and night, the citizens will gradually... even if that person does not want to be the mayor, they will be made the mayor. Right? (Applause) Isn’t that so? "Yes, it is."

Parents treat their children, whether it's Gabdol or Oksoon, saying, "Do good things." "What is a good thing, mom and dad?" When they ask, "Well, I don’t know, but when someone is hungry, feed them, and when they fall, pick them up, that’s all for the sake of others." That’s the only thing they say. Isn’t that so? Then they think they will become good, but they didn’t know the specifics. These smart young people... 

When you look at the content of the scriptures, it seems like a paradoxical logic, but when you realize that the ideal creation of the universe started from the principle of caring for others, it fits perfectly. Look at the Bible from this perspective. When you think about it, if you have wisdom, you will discover that Jesus is indeed the savior of humanity. (Applause)

Now, time is passing, and it’s almost time to wrap up. Should I stop here, or should I conclude a little more? "Keep going." Okay, I will.

So, now you know the secret that living for others leads to becoming a central being. Try living for your school. You receive awards and become representatives of the entire school. Right? Because the origin of the universal principle is set up that way, we did not realize that without aligning with that origin, the value of existence cannot be formed. The one who lives for others becomes a central being. Why? Because they resemble God. Do you understand? Because they resemble God. (Applause)

The God who is the center of the universe exists according to the principle of caring for others since the creation. Nowadays, people say God is dead, and they wonder, "Does that God even exist? Whatever you say..." But still, God forgives and cares for others, so those who live for others resemble God. Therefore, just as God is the center of the universe, the longer we live, the more we will emerge as central beings, and now everyone understands this logical principle. So, I hope you live that way.

Next, there is no greater happiness than being dominated by someone who lives for others. Do you understand what that means? Try being dominated by someone who lives for others. When a husband works for his wife, the wife, not knowing where to put her body, just asks, "Bring me food." Even if she wants water, she doesn’t have to say it; he will bring it to her, right? That’s right. I’m not a woman, but I know that’s true. So, we did not realize how amazing this happiness is, being able to be completely dominated by someone who lives for others.

God is the central being of the universe who lives for others, so when we get close to Him, even if we are dominated for a thousand years, we want to be dominated even more. Because the principle of caring for others is established around God, if we can be dominated in such a position today, we have never even thought about the fact that there is no greater happiness than that.

Now, the third reason is, why could God not help but establish the law of living for others? Let’s talk about it. Nowadays, both men and women, those who think they are great, have thought, "If I love, it’s my love; if I have ideals, it’s my ideals!" But that’s not it. Love cannot be obtained alone. Ideals cannot be achieved alone. They are obtained in a relative relationship. Love does not come from me. Ideals do not come from me. The love and ideals that are more precious than life come not from me but from the other party, so to receive these precious things, one must humbly care for others. That’s why I hope you understand that the principle of caring for others must be established. (Applause)

Now, I believe you have understood a lot. "Ah, I see!" This eye was not born because of the eye. It was for the other party. The ear was not born because of the ear. Everything... The nose was not born because of the nose. The mouth was not born because of the mouth. It was born because of the other party. The arm was born because of the arm? It was for others. Everything is like that. Now, if you understand that much, let’s move on. 

The Method of Religious Unification and God’s Will
"Now, who is this Moon, and what is he doing to cause a stir in this world and in South Korea?" In Christianity, there are many people who fervently pray, "Oh, I wish that Moon would die." But I won’t die. If those who wish for my death die, then they die, but I won’t die. I’m living plump and healthy. Why won’t I die? Because I follow the principle of heaven. Those who strike someone following the principle of heaven will hit themselves. "Can you, the founder of the Unification Church, unify religions and Christianity?" They will say that.

When people hear the name Unification Church, those with good heads might criticize it. "Isn’t that Moon a bit of a fool?" they might interpret it simply, but just wait a moment. The old church and the new church, the Roman Catholic Church and the Greek Orthodox Church have been divided for 950 years, and nowadays they want to become one, but can they? Even among the new churches, there are over 400 denominations fighting, saying, "If it’s not my denomination, there is no God." How can they become one? They cannot.

How can they become one? According to what Master Moon of the Unification Church says, it can be done. When I call myself Master Moon, it’s not appropriate. But all the members of the Unification Church call me Master Moon, so I’m calling it out. It means to follow what Moon says.

How does it work? If I, as a Catholic, care for God, then I will care for God. "As long as the Catholic Church cares for the Lord, I will care for them, and as long as the priests and nuns care for the church members, I will love them." What do you think will happen? (Applause) People will want to be loved more and cared for more, even if they have to drag their necks or even if their necks are cut off. This is the desire of our nature. When I love the members of the established church more than the established church pastors, we can become one. When the members of the established church stand in a position where they can care for the established church pastors more than the established church pastors care for their members, it will simply become unified. Is that right? (Applause) Is that right? "Yes, it is."

Look at this. What is God’s will? What is God’s will? "If it’s Presbyterian, it’s for the Presbyterians; if it’s Methodist, it’s for the Methodists to take to heaven." That’s how they would answer, right? If you ask what God’s will is through Master Moon of the Unification Church, they might say, "If you listen to Moon, you will go to heaven. That’s God’s will." But I don’t say that. What is God’s will? God wants to love more than Presbyterians, Methodists, Holiness churches, and the Unification Church, and He wants to care for humanity more. What is God’s will? It is not to take Presbyterians to heaven. It is not to take the Holiness Church to heaven. It is not to take the Unification Church to heaven. Then what is it? It is to take humanity to heaven, which many sects today do not know. They do not know. (Applause)

God wants to save humanity even if it means sacrificing the Presbyterians. That is God’s will. "Save humanity even if it means sacrificing the Holiness Church." This is God’s demand. "Save humanity even if it means sacrificing the Methodists." That is God’s will. "Even if it means sacrificing the Unification Church a hundred or a thousand times, even if it means being persecuted, saving humanity is better than any religion." (Applause)

Today, we do not realize that the time has come to tear down the walls of existing religions. What is God’s will? I have come to know that it is not just to take the established church to heaven.

Christianity does not know God’s will to save the world.
If there are Christian believers here, I would like to ask one thing. If you were to ask the Lord whom you respect and believe in with all your heart, "Lord, is your desire for me to live only for Christianity, for Presbyterians, or is it your will to live for the sake of humanity even if it means abandoning Presbyterianism?" there would be Presbyterian pastors here. Which is God’s will? Is it only to live for Presbyterians? You should live that way.

However, even if it means stepping over Presbyterians, it is the responsibility of religion to strive to save humanity, which they did not realize. If you ask the Lord, "Do you want to be the Lord of Christianity or the Lord of humanity?" He would want to be the Lord of humanity. He would want to be the Lord of humanity. (Applause)

When we elevate the question to God, "Is your will only to save Christianity?" God would answer, "No. My will is to embrace all fallen lives. I have a heart that desires to find the lost children like a parent and a subject that longs to love my ideal partner. My will is to save all humanity." This is the position that today’s Roman Catholic Church and Christianity around the world do not know. (Applause)

Today, the Unification Church has been persecuted in South Korea for 30 years. However, I said, "Father, if South Korea can be blessed by my persecution, then I am willing to suffer as much as necessary. Even if the established church curses me, I will pray and go in the position of caring for God and the established church." Let’s see what happens in the end. In the end, who will remain? Those who opposed will disappear, and those who were opposed can become the owners. Many established church members do not think about this. They think sadly about this.

If you do not believe that, let me give you an example from a well-known verse in the Bible. From kindergarten or elementary school, in Sunday school, there is a well-known verse. In John 3:16, it says, "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." He gave His only begotten Son because He loved the world, not just Christianity. It is not just for Presbyterians. It is not just for the Unification Church. It is God’s will to save the world, and they do not know the Lord’s will. Can you call it a heresy or a cult? (Applause)

In this untrustworthy world where the fake looks real and the real looks fake, I had a desire not to want to return to this South Korea that curses the Unification Church. However, because I was born as a son of Korea, even if my bones melt and my flesh withers, I cannot just trample on the spirit of the nation that our ancestors left behind. When I think of South Korea, which should have hope for the future, even if it is a South Korea that opposes me, I want to take a step to care for this country as much as possible, gathering the youth from around the world. I hope you remember that today is a great celebration of hope. (Applause)

Christianity has a responsibility to save the world. Communism, of course, and the democratic world also have the responsibility to capture everything and lead it to God, yet they have weakened and lost not only their purpose but even their current position and are wandering. What good is it to wait for the Lord to return tomorrow? That will not fulfill His will.
Can you follow along? It requires training. That is why our Unification Church lives for the sake of others; only there can it become heaven. If individuals can live for the sake of the world, transcending nations and overcoming East and West, and transcending races, then that place becomes a personal heaven that encompasses the world. If families do so, then family heaven will be realized. If nations do so, then national heaven will be realized. If the world does so, then we have not even begun to think about the formation of national heaven and world heaven on this earth. (Applause)

The path the Unification Church is taking
So today, although people say various things about the Unification Church, when they see the establishment of the Victory Alliance, they think, “Ah, the Unification Church is just a means for evangelism…” Not at all. It is because we anticipated how this country should move forward that we are doing this work, even if this nation and this people do not realize it. We have made tremendous sacrifices. By sacrificing the Unification Church, we are paving the way for the nation and the people to move forward; by sacrificing the members of the Unification Church today, we are paving the way for humanity to move forward. We are working day and night, tirelessly, to expand the heavenly realm even by an inch, and there must be at least one person in some corner of this planet who is doing this. (Applause)

Heaven desires to establish one individual, one family, one tribe, and one nation, and to seek the way to one world based on a transnational heart. This is the ideology of this man who stands here and has heard many accusations of heresy and various rumors. I would appreciate it if you could believe this.

A new hope for humanity
(Applause)
Everyone, you are well aware of the Vietnam situation. In light of North Korea's current intentions to invade the South, Christianity cannot remain solely as Christianity. The time has come to unite with the nation.

When you fight, you must unite and fight without distinguishing between the Unification Church and Christianity. If Christianity fights and fails, we must join the fight and contribute to the path of victory. In this urgent and critical time, citizens of Gwangju, we must unite here. We must unite and carry a higher-level ideology for a unified nation, and to crush evil… On the day we can unite with the mindset that I can offer my life as a sacrifice before heaven, this nation will not be a nation of misfortune. There is no reason for us to lose to North Korea, whether in population or in any other aspect.

That is why I am laying the groundwork in Japan, in the United States, and blocking the actions of the global evil to unify world Christianity for the victory of God. We must understand that it is the mission of Christianity and what God requires of us to save even the communists through strength. (Applause)

Let us advance for the sake of others
From this perspective, the time has come for a progressive formal process and the establishment of a new paradigm. The issue is not how to establish an individual’s view of life. The question is how individuals, based on that view, will form a national view, a worldview, and a cosmic view. It is not about that. Only through the progressive path that exists for the sake of others can a single world be formed, where all ideal conditions can be established from the higher dimension of heaven.

Therefore, an individual man exists for the sake of his wife, that couple exists for the sake of their children, that family exists for the sake of the tribe, the tribe exists for the sake of the nation, the nation exists for the sake of the world, the world exists for the sake of God, and only then does God finally exist for our sake… Following this principle of a world that exists for the sake of others resolves the individual’s view of life, the national view, the worldview, and the view of God’s providence. If this foundation can extend throughout the world, even to the communist world, and if that world can truly become one, then indeed, God will send all seekers and the Savior to fulfill the purpose of saving the world, completing the heavenly kingdom on earth, and I hope you all believe this. (Applause)

For the sake of a higher dimension, South Korea must now find how to establish a South Korea that can serve Asia from the time it serves itself and how to establish a South Korea that can serve a higher dimension of the world. Even if South Korea is currently lagging in all aspects and is in a position of underdevelopment, that is not a problem. In the 23rd century or the 25th century, when we understand how to serve, the ideal standard that all people will need can be globally proclaimed, and on the day we lay the groundwork, we may be experiencing difficulties now, but in two or three centuries, we will become a leading nation that can guide the world. We have understood this principle. (Applause)

The same goes for the church. The church must also follow this principle. If it only serves its denomination, it will be judged because of that denomination. It will perish because of that denomination. We have come to understand that we must walk the path of serving God’s will and humanity.

Today, we have desires for ownership in everything. In conclusion, I want to say that now what belongs to the wife is mine, what is mine is the wife’s, and what belongs to the parents is for the children. What belongs to the family is not just for the family. It must become a society that can connect what belongs to the tribe. What belongs to the tribe is for the nation. What belongs to the nation is not just the property of South Korea, which stands in a decisive position within its own borders. It must become property that can connect to the world. What belongs to South Korea is for the world, and what belongs to the world is for God. Only then can we say, “What belongs to God is truly mine.” This is how the thick, toad-like greed of humanity can be satisfied. Then, what belongs to God is mine. (Applause)

This new subject ideology, which prevents the downfall of individuals with ambiguous centers, prevents the downfall of society, prevents a nation without a center, prevents a world without a center, and prevents a providence of God without a center, is the only formal trajectory that starts from the principle of existing for the sake of others and remains eternally from the world of God’s creation to the final destination. Please remember this, and after attending today, I hope there will be higher-level development and innovation in that regard as I conclude my remarks.

I wish blessings upon your families, your societies, and your Gwangju, and I hope you remain well as I take my leave. (Applause)  
          Selected Words of Rev. Sun Myung Moon <Volume 77>       
               Printed January 15, 2002
               Published January 25, 2002
               Editor: Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Words Compilation Committee
             Publisher: Hwang Seon Jo
             Publishing Company: Seonghwa Publishing Co., Ltd.
               Address: 172-1 Cheongpa-dong 1-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
           Phone Number: 715-3894~6, 701-0110 (Cheongpa Bookstore)
           Fax Number: 701-1991
           Registration Number: No. 3-98
             Registration Date: May 20, 1961